+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: January 8, 2023'
date = '2023-01-08T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

## DEXY LOGO VOTE
- Pushing the Dexy vote to early March.
- Campaign to end of January, logo contest in early February is a good place to start. Two weeks for the logo contest.
- Ergcube for vote. Sigmanauts take on promotion and vote.
- Teach new users about DexyGold (no RSV).

## VOTING RIGHTS OF EF MEMBERS
- The EF should be able to vote on candidates for sigcans and sigmanauts.
- Perhaps add that to next month's meeting about going into the weeds about what they can vote on or not reguarding proposals. For now, EF can vote on sig applications.

## SIGMANAUT FAST TRACK
- If you want to fast track a non-member right to a sigmanaut, simply fill out the form as a sponsor with the subject 'sigmanaut vote' instead of 'sigcan vote'. When non members go from the application portal it automatically puts 'sigcan vote', when we make it from our portal it's whatever we put in the subject. 

## NOAH/CRAN on UTXO Alliance
- Ambassadorship not going as expected. It's very top down... seems the way they are interested in colab between core dev teams and or the foundation involved. 
- Started the telegram group for UTXO alliance. 
- Best thing they can do moving forward is reach out to individuals and build up from there. 

## CRAN - Dework 
- Organizing tasks on there. We can use the kanban board and leaderboard.
- This is pretty plug and play so it was determined that when needed it can be integrated and ramped up. 

## COMMUNITY CALENDAR
- qx() and HQer will take a look at HQ's ergcube CMS to see how well a public calendar can be integrated. 

## TWITTER SPACES
- A few people volunteered to be present in new Sigmanauts Twitter spaces (qx should have full account access soon to make this possible).
    Possible starter spaces:
    - How to become a Sigmanaut, introduction to sigs (meet and greet)
    - Start off with DexyGold. 
    - Rosen Bridge
    - Lithos

## MARKETING MATERIAL
- Marcel has made a lot of material in [the official repository](https://github.com/ergoplatform/awesome-ergo).
- A lot of it is on Figma is open and can edit the assets. 

## ANGIE
- Many different listings to integrate rosen bridge into the infographics. 
- Short research for now found around 8 - 10 different platforms where we can talk about Rosen Bridge. 

## CW
- Youtube shorts from various shows that people can quickly grab and post (10 second clips or so) easily to help spread word or back up what they are saying to educate others.

## BLENDING SIGMANAUTS AND ERGONAUTS MEETINGS
- Suggested to blend meetings, which saw no resistance
- Sis spoke about sub groups and how they are also important
- qx() spoke about how initially he is worried too many sub groups can water down the main group with already small numbers, suggested playing it by ear to break out as needed and as congestion is faced. 

## TX FEES
- qx() is interested in exploring what the community thinks and will put this on a slow burn to think of ways to engage the community

## ONBOARDING
- Kill_It and qx() will get together this week and focus solely on the landing page. 

## References

Agenda/Meeting Notes/Transcript
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HEV8S4gTnGTZsoULQtgh-r5J2X3yGVlowAR4S5Zitvc/edit?usp=sharing

Recording of Screenshare and Voice
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1e1f99Zy2mbrZUUE8xQxCX7eo8DsJeMzg/view?usp=sharing
