
+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: March 3, 2023'
date = '2023-03-12T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
++++

## Introductions
Fred/Ben mentioned that it would be great at the first sigs meeting each month we introduce ourselves and the new members

## SigmaVote
Study week will take place March 25 - 31
Vote weekend will be April 1 and 2
Good turnout of applicants this month!
QX has updated the application form to indicate monthly voting

## Blog Post
QX forgot to post it to sigs channel but will do so asap, please feel free to add comments and changes!

## Chris
Chris is working on a pooled crowdfunding functionality to his offering. Think of gofundme but with crypto. More news to follow from him. 

## Fred
Fred is applying to film school and will be utilizing his talents at making short videos for ergo. Check out his script for a clip he is currently working on (in sigs chat). 

## TWITTER
QX is going to set a schedule starting monday to deliver at least 2-3 tweets a day. Mainly piggybacking off and quoting tweets from dev’s and community members, occasionally adding stand alone tweets. He’s hoping that seeing it on his calendar will help him remember to do it. Any sigs that want to help….you know the drill 🙂 

## Helpful Marketing
Join the spaces!
Join the Weekly chats!
Join the AMA on youtube and or twitter!

## References

Recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vD96FIqR2S1-aEJDUy5NSNJzsXGw49cy/view?usp=sharing
Agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GLfJ9c3xPIgePTbOPLw1Gmt92oKmcCF-QIrxYn2I_1U/edit?usp=sharing

