+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: July 23, 2023'
date = '2023-07-23T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

- Today's meeting was largely a discussion on the treasury as well as how the Sigmanauts handle their policy for donations to the treasury. This was triggered from the recent Terahertz donation by Joe as well as a donation offered with a lockup by PEPErg. Below are a few things that were action items for the week. Please, listen to the audio or read the transcript if you want details as the entire conversion would be too difficult to summarize in bullet point. 

- To prevent unintentional or the appearance of favoritism, qx() will work on draft verbiage for a policy on donations to the sigmanauts treasury. In short the initial thoughts are: Any donation is accepted and encouraged. Donating gains you no favor or special attention/promotions. Sigmanauts can do as they deem best with it. The project tokens will never be liquidated at a percentage more than X% per month, barring a rug or unforseen circumstance where distributing the tokens back to the community would save the community hardship (this will of course be voted on). Sigs will continue to provide UNBIASED ecosystem support for old and new projects, as well as promotional support in the form of tweets, videos, podcasts, and other similar socials. That being said, some donated tokens may be seen as a better long term hold investment than others to the Sigs, it is at their discretion. 

- Austen will create a working shared document where ideas should be brainstormed on how a group (marketing, social, outreach, all those combined...this committee will need to be formed and populated) would utilize funds to engage and spread awareness of Ergo inside AND outside the community. Cafe has volunteered to help shore this up and move it along so that we have good suggestions to look over by the end of the week. 

- Current Treasury Stats: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lXsXcmeNf49YsGUvjtm8J4QAzd-USk99kZKiovyHkm4/edit?usp=sharing


REFERENCES

Transcript:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/16IJ4Bqexf0Vdlhhk6pvNRH45tJB649Hg/view?usp=sharing

Voice/Screenshare:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-nP5y-uMv-QyGD5_YA00Ohbe6bDpRRH0/view?usp=sharing
