+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: April 23, 2023'
date = '2023-04-23T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

## SIGMANAUT COMMUNITY PROMOTION

- Support the community and core projects. That means watching for events announced and try your best to attend them, or, testing protocols, or, joining betas. Example: Put up a small test loan on sigmafi so you know how it works. Join the sprint with ergo/zealy! Point is, we need to support eachother as we continue to build in this market!
- Each of us should do our best to know the ecosystem and its public facing tools. 

## SIGMANAUT VOTING

- Went over voting procedure and how it works (live demo)

## SIGMANAUT PRUNING & FUTURE VOTING

- Rustinmyeye is working on pruning standards for Sigcans and Sigmanauts. He has a list with activity which was posted in chat and if people can help look it over and fill in some holes about others activities and or contacts. Voting system will be reworked into a on chain voting system with two wallets for each vote. Sigmanauts will mint their own token and register it with the sigmavote site. Voting via telegram and discord will need to be reevaluated and possibly have some sort of wallet attached like tipperbot. Will cross that bridge later as on chain voting is more important for transparency. 

## TAIGO.IO

- Glasgow has sent out the remainder of invites to taiga.io, please join and take a dive in. 

## UPDATES FROM EF/MARKETING

- Angie is publishing a bunch of new articles, including the sigmanauts article!
- Angie reminds us to keep an eye out for the poker event coming up.

## ZENGATE MERCH

- Mikey spoke about reaching out to Dan to provide higher quality merch to Dan at the next cardano event where Dan will be for zengate. 

## TREASURY

- qx() has an interested party as well as other members from last time so feels confident to get started on multisig for treasury.

## A.I.

- Glasgow did some more tweaking on the models for chatgpt ergo info integration. 

## ROSEN BRIDGE

- MHS_Sam has done a great Q&A output in the Rosen telegram, qx() will attempt to make some sort of graphic out of it. 

## REFERENCES

audio and screenshare
https://drive.google.com/file/d/10SXJ-8LPHEGZaDV5w3poQlhjV9g0Ws9a/view?usp=share_link

transcript
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Rj-7zwsA8faYjNqnZ95Do5uYzDqEsiqo/view?usp=share_link
