+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: February 26, 2023'
date = '2023-02-26T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

## SIGMANAUT VOTING ON CANDIDATES

No voice recording/transcript due to privacy of contracts and discussions of details of sig voting on specific candidates as well as price negotiation methods - closed session, essentially. Brief summary below:

- Discussed how vote weekend was going and that we had one candidate that was held for discussion (reminder that any candidate who has yes votes will pass, a no vote means that they will be voted on and discussed in the next sig meeting). QX is reaching out to them for a few more details.

## ERGO INFLUENCER

- Jennie D and Kill It discussed their business discovery on probing the cost of an up and coming influencer. The idea was to determine how much their services would cost and by what metric. They are going to go back to the negotiation table with them to see if there room to work with our budget (as of now self funded). If not, then we've learned something and will be better suited to meet with the next up and coming influencer. 

## UPDATE FROM EF/MARKETING

- Angie spoke about blog articles and that we as sigmanauts could submit articles to the blog. QX is going to submit a small article on the new voting system and how it was a great success this weekend (voted in 4 sigcans and 2 sigmanauts with our new method).

## ERGOHACK 
- It was mentioned how we are looking forward to the community voting on ergohack VI that @Warwick (CW)  was organizing with a successful raffle!
- @Glasgow  said to look for updates on what's next for ergohack vi coming soon. 
