+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: April 2, 2023'
date = '2023-04-02T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
++++

- Angie spoke about reviving and adding content to Medium.
- qx showed off his beast machine running a node and noted that once a new HD comes in he will convert it to be another explorer with hopefully a lot of capacity (recruiting Boris to make sure it's tip top shape). Will announce via channels and twitter when it is live. 
- Did a quick recap of sigmanauts voting week as well as a reminder to finish voting so qx could run the tally/results script that night (sunday)
- Angie has a list of needed corrections from the SEO guys, they are making them so search optimization will perform better. She also spoke to an opportunity to engage with some content writers, see chat for more details.
- Rosen Bridge testing discussed, going very well, only one error so far. Encouraged Sigmanauts and Sigcans to be very well versed in it to be able to answer chat and twitter questions as the release nears. Feel free to ask in main or sigcan chats!
- QX is working on doing more comment engaging on Twitter, PLEASE PLEASE reach out to me if you see something on twitter that you think it would be good for us to engage in. DM, main chat, anything, just let me know and I'll check it out and engage if I have the chops for it!
- Fred continues to work on script for his ergo short clips. There seems to be others interested in helping him with a film background. 
- qx talked about using /ep openaiddg in the Ergo AI channel and how it searched modern topics based on your prompt and writes a good reason (most of the time). Tested it on sigmafi and rosen and had nice outputs. Feel free to use it for tweet creation as well as getting a better understanding of things for yourself!
- Mark is poking around integrating ergo help into ChatGPT, depending on costs. Also, dumping chats into it to help train it.
- Kill_it reiterated Rosen and to keep tweeting about it and engaging
- We thanked Kill_It on engaging with Lycan NFT's and creating our beautiful Sigmanaut NFT series. Absolutely amazing and much appreciated!

## References

Meeting Transcript:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VOQdbD34hnRHOEArr-Yp1mQyowrp1UP2/view?usp=sharing

Audio Recording:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aw0wSXHq9UYS_f3dZSSTI3Mxf4Ku9kZk/view?usp=sharing
