+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: February 5, 2023'
date = '2023-02-05T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

## ERGOHACK VI Marketing Support
Noah offered to get a list of dev’s to reach out to (we can possibly use the Sigmanauts twitter) to invite them to check out the i need a team channel in discord as well as submit a proposal. 
Signanauts twitter will post daily updates from the team channels in a single post to help with exposure (assuming teams are updating the channels with progress).

## Temp Multisig Wallet
The wallet has been created. We will send a few tests to make sure we have controlling functionality of it before putting any significant funds in it.
All users are anon to each other, will check with them in the next few days to see if they are ok with me giving the list of their usernames to one other person (NOAH) for the sake of wallet recovery.

## SIGMAVOTE
Finishing up programming this week
When system is live again the following will occur
- Sigmanauts and Sigcans can simply bring in (sponsor) a sigcan, no voting needed, just ask Glasgow or qx() for discord permissions and announcement for the new person
- Vote weekend will occur at the end of each month
- Submissions will be disabled a week before voting happens each month
- All votes pass if there are any “yes” votes and no “no” votes. If there are any no votes the vote is on hold for a discussion at the next weekly where a quorum shall be had on whether to pass or fail. 

## UNDERSTANDING SigmaUSD/RSV, DEXY
Discussed that we should all do our best to understand it as best we can so that we can help out on twitter, chats, reddit, etc…
Same goes for some of the dapps. The better we understand it all, the better we can help out in the ecosystem
qx() working on a graphic for sigRSV and DEXY, RSV already done, dexy next, will drop in chat at some point. 

## KUSHTI
Working on polishing DEXY
For marketing support there is the "Assumptions" article he wrote recently that we can promote

## REFERENCES
Meeting notes, Agenda, Transcript
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rpZUnnUc_sSmj7PLBO96Eoojjo_HSSl0d7u6Si-bcPs/edit?usp=sharing

Screenshare with voices
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1f3xDqEGmfE8UqWL7ujcPZcCy8zc9QcDq/view?usp=sharing
