+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: January 29, 2023'
date = '2023-01-29T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

## VOTING PROCEDURES
- It has been brought up many times that voting randomly is difficult to keep track of and remember to take part in. Proposal to move voting to once a month. qx() will modify the voting system to work as follows:
  -All new vote submissions will immediately post to the vote channel so that they can be voted on at any point in time.
  -One week before VOTE DAY the submission page will lock and display a notice noting such. 
  -DM’s will go out to all sigmanauts a day before VOTE DAY.
  -Results will be processed at the end of VOTE DAY and auto posted to the vote channel.
  -Vote submission page will go back online the next day. 

## TREASURY
- For now, to accept a seed donation from Chris and Alex, a Minotaur wallet will be set up among anon sigs. 5 in total, 3/5 sigs for a withdrawal. 
- As discussed last week, we are still investigating and doing research for the best legal option forward. 

## SIGMA SPACES
- Discussed that it may be better in this market to not dilute. Sigmanauts account for now will engage in as many spaces as they can that are relevant, accept co-hosts, speakers roles when asked if the expertise is available. Once momentum is gained, and or more interested parties, self hosted spaces can start picking up (perhaps Foe will be interested). 

## Update from EF/Marketing
- Having discussions with a site/service that lists/indexes crypto bridges. There are two options here, first is little work to list Rosen on the site. Second is to integrate Rosen into their services, which takes a considerable amount of funds. 
- Launching a new format for analytics and will post
- Flux team is proposing a poker tournament between our two groups, in discussions now.
- Proposal for coverage from a youtube influencer (no strings attached yet)

## TikTok/YouTube
- kill it w/coffee will reach out to @ErgoClips (twitter) to propose joining the sigs and accessing the sig youtube to post or cross post clips and or promote his own account from the main sigmanauts account. 

## DEXYGOLD
- Armeanio is working on a presentation for dexygold. Once done he will post so that we can digest it and make a promotional tweet/youtube plan for the actual dexygold launch and logo vote (hosted on ergcube).

## ECOSYSTEM CORE
- When very significant programming and blockchain updates are coming up, Kushti will post in the Ergonauts channel for us to dig into and formulate tweets and talking points for Sigma Update. Upcoming 5.0.7 update is a big deal. 

## REFERENCES

Meeting Agenda, Notes, and Full transcript
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nAtqKW1G4TQbkeSanAQ6bPJdwdFuOZH90j_lSNfapOQ/edit?usp=sharing

Screen share with Voices
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1W0nYtzByZ5stwd6cgb4Qs1PxvmmnMDtA/view?usp=sharing 
