+++
title = 'Sigmanaut Meeting: July 16, 2023'
date = '2023-07-16T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

- Discussions on success of the ergo summit/ergoversary with coordination between the EF and Sigmanauts. Many sigs and community members recorded videos.

- ErgOne/Sigmnauts promotion went very well! Lots of tweets and retweets for the competition. Will look for more of these opportunities in the future. Reminder: This 100 ERG competition was approved with a full yes majority from the sigs voting app.

- Mentioned how to collect feedback from listeners on events on what worked what didn't.

- Mark will have some numbers for us soon on summit engagement.

- Discussed on how creating tutorials for people to use TradeOgre or SevenSeas and how to create liquidity there so they feel more comfortable. qx() may take on those videos soon.

- Mark suggested piggybacking off of Kushti's grid bot framework when it's ready and package it up for a user friendly trading bot across some CEX's that publish their API's. 

- qx() proposed an idea of an ergo catalyst system. One that kind of combines ergopad IDO, raffle, and other ideas. Essentially you would have a pooled investment fund window where investors would designate funds to. Once that window closes, proposals go up. Investors and community members (investors have a much larger vote weight) then vote on the proposals. The winners of the votes will distribute their own project tokens in a investment ratio to the investors. This gives the investors some incentive NOT to dump and to see the project succeed. qx() will work on a litepaper. 

- Yasha spoke about spectrum and the upcoming cardano release as well as what a potential sidechain looks like on spectrum. qx() offered spectrum (and any other project for that matter) to reach out when they want help pushing things on twitter and or small graphics/posts made and pushed on twitter. 

- Mark spoke about Tangem and how he is in contact with them for any help they need to get ergo integrated. 

- Mark spoke about the token registry and how it could turn into a one stop shop that dapps could reference for tokens (instead of having to register the token with tipper bot, specturm, etc...all individually).

- Brief talks about the ergo treasury (this was before fulfillment). HQ was going to start throwing out some ideas possibly in a google doc on bounties/rewards/promotions/adverts/spending that we could share and start to use as a brainstorming tool.

- Joe announced that Roesn is launching a lite version in about two weeks! Watchers will get about 70% of the revenue, the team/project costs and guards the rest. Team will refine the steps to become a watcher. 


REFERENCES

Transcript:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a5PpSvIGQ4I1kOymb4IQYsQc7xSi9Jl4/view?usp=sharing

Voice:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CKcmB0hVYg4CJAsGoU7ujM73JSarq6M9/view?usp=sharing
