+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: December 8, 2024'
date = '2024-12-08T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

Marc Le Shark: What's up, sir Gray man?

Grayman: Good morning. How are you?

Marc Le Shark: Yeah, I'm doing pretty good. Man. How about yourself?

Grayman: Good! I love that background you got going on there.

Marc Le Shark: Thanks. Right robotic shark, right.

Grayman: From something? Or is that something you created? With? Your artistic skills.

Marc Le Shark: Yeah, yeah, I had a grok make it.

Grayman: Nice. What's the verdict on that consumer level? AI! What's the best? Is it, Grock? Is it? Claude probably depends on what you're doing.

Marc Le Shark: Yeah, yeah. yeah. It depends on what you're doing. I would say, I really like Claude. So I use that primarily for all my development. I use it like every day for work. I use it for the coding stuff here. I would say it takes some, maybe getting used to in a sense of just like AI, and you just got to give it context. And so sometimes it'll kind of hallucinate certain aspects of like code. But then I say, well, no like, for example, I'm using ergo app kit to code with. And so I just drop in the source code, and then I drop in any other relevancies that I'm kind of using, and then it's able to kind of piecemeal what I'm kind of getting at and is able to facilitate the code a lot better. So yeah, Claude, and then specifically with projects. And so you can put in your code source code. And then that uses that as its context, and then, as well as other, I guess what it's been trained on. and it works highly highly. Well, very efficient.

Grayman: Hey!

Marc Le Shark: And then, of course, if you want to use text to image stuff like that, use grok or chat, gpt.

Grayman: So do you have any local AI like? Have you trained a a Gpu to to, you know, with your own model? Or is this just services.

Marc Le Shark: Yeah. So I've done a lot of machine learning less so of Llms in that manner. But I do have I do have. It's called Olama, and it allows you to run them locally and use your own Gpu to facilitate that sort of interaction. So I have done that. But it's just easier for me to use Claude, and then facilitate that less of a headache in terms of just getting a thing set up. But I do have a custom machine learning library that I have that kind of plug and play different machine learning models, different neural networks, and then it's able to take the look at the data and then spit out whatever you're trying to do, train it. Things like that.

Grayman: Are you worried that these things, or like taking advantage of you like 10 years from now, there's gonna be a virtual mark. The shark just like rolling out code for ergo, you know, day and night.

Marc Le Shark: Yeah, no, that's fair. I haven't really thought about that, I guess. Hmm, I don't know. Yeah.

Jake the Snake: Great man I use I use chat, gpt a lot for for various things. And and I agree, Mark, the more context, you give it the more like value. I feel like you get out of it. But you just scared the crap out of me with that question right?

Grayman: With the pandemic. I've been reluctant to get onto this type of video call. I mean, all my clients switch to teams or Google meet, or whatever. And they're all like, Oh, just meet with us on this. I'm like fine. But I'm not showing my face because I worry the more video and audio there is of me out there, the sooner somebody's gonna make a virtual gray man and then start. You know. once they uncover all the the hidden wealth and and bodies. Then it's just going to be all over for me.

qx(): Don't go out.

Jake the Snake: I mean.

qx(): Don't go in, public, man, you're filmed all over the place.

Grayman: So how do you know that Zoom isn't just feeding all this stuff straight to the Chinese Communist Party? Man.

qx(): Oh, for sure!

Jake the Snake: I mean from a cyber security perspective. That is a concern, at least in the Federal Government space. the company I I work for we. We have a lot of a lot of contracts related to that in in certain. you know, within the dod and other and other spaces. But it's it's like they they do stuff to guard against biometrics and things like that, both facial recognition voice, and then any finger fingerprint scanners. You're using. Yeah, it's like, data is being collected somewhere.

Grayman: Yes, it is, and it's being used already by scammers. Low level mostly audio, so far, you know, calling up somebody sure ad or whatever, and convincing them that they're stuck in jail, and they need to send money to Xyz. You know, getting a little bit more sophisticated than just

Jake the Snake: Yes, but.

Grayman: Them with with exposing all of their porn habits and then demanding gift cards. Now it's now it's down to the point where I worry about somebody, actually, you know. creating a bot that looks like me and sounds like me and calls my clients and says, just go over to our page right here and then tell me that number, and I'll be on your computer and no problem right.

Marc Le Shark: Right.

Grayman: Yeah, like, I mean, a very substantial portion of what I do nowadays is helping people remotely.

qx(): You're going to have to develop some sort of multi-factor with a customer. They each get their own custom secondary multi-factor. Id. That you have to read them before they actually do something with you.

Grayman: And.

qx(): Log. 2 factor authentication. It's gonna have to be.

Marc Le Shark: For sure. Sign a hash and be like, Hey, just prove it to you right. 0 knowledge proofs would be cool here.

qx(): Yeah, just like a secret phrase like you like puppies is a secret phrase. It's like when you're you know the secret phrase your mom gave you. So you didn't go with the guy in the candy. Van.

Jake the Snake: Oh, my mom didn't give me a secret phrase. Damn it.

qx(): That means explains a lot, Jake.

Jake the Snake: I guess she figured that most kidnappers aren't accounting. You know. They don't have handicap accessible vehicles. It's tough.

Marc Le Shark: Drag them in.

Jake the Snake: Leave the chair. No, we need it, damn it, get it.

Marc Le Shark: Alright!

qx(): I'm sorry I don't have much too much time. I started the multi-sig transfer from version one to version 2. There's so much shit in that multi-sig wallet, and I promised the version one team that this would be the last transfer. But I lied because I'm not going to try to transfer out the ergs and the Sig Usd token duck pools tokens with, you know, 50 other tokens just in case something goes wrong that we didn't think of in Minotaur. So I put the 11,000 to the new treasury, and then 1,156, 1, 56, and then I put the the duck pool redemption keys to my wallet so that I can redeem them on duck pools and then send them to Sam for payment. That's funny. If we if they weren't in duck pool. Well, I mean, it's it's a risk you take right? You know. we got 4 months of 5 months of duck pools interest, maybe 6, and I hope it's an even 3, 3, 6 number you know, and then erg doubled, tripled. How far we've been since we put it in. I think we put it in around a dollar, maybe a dollar 10.

Marc Le Shark: So, so.

qx(): Yeah, I mean, the point is, it would have been given to Sengate, anyway. So it was out of our hands, anyway, at that point. So so it's not really even an opportunity loss cost. Yeah. So that's done hopefully in a couple weeks, just kidding hopefully, I'll hound them a couple times a day, and we'll get at least Cw. And Louis Votra to sign, and then maybe cafe can be the middle guy to do that, because Rob and theta aren't around much anymore for that kind of stuff. Yeah. So we'll get that wrapped up. I'm impressed. We did a pretty fast job on version 2 multisig, that was your.

Grayman: It could be.

qx(): I know we'll we'll see the. We'll see the next practice with you and Jake. We might have to do a live zoom call for you, too.

Grayman: Perfect. Just don't tell the Communist party or secret exchange word. I like puppies.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, true. True. Canon, the flow for the multi-sig right now, the the thing I just made the 11,000 goes right into the new multi Sig that you guys are part of, and then the Sig Usd. Duck post tokens. Go to my personal wallet, my transfer wallet, and then I'll redeem them from from duck pools, and I'll send them to Sam, and then Sam can ping you and chat us in chat, just to show proof that I sent them to him. but he received them. And it's not some shadow wallet that I hold.

Marc Le Shark: Alright! Damn!

qx(): Yeah, yeah. So it looks like it looks like there's 2 people that are really Gung ho, about limit buys and combining Amm and and order book, which is pretty cool. So Anna and I were talking well, Anand wrote me a couple weeks ago, and was like, Hey, you know, we really want to try to get more liquidity in the order book and What's that called? And so then I circled back around to him a couple or yesterday or the day before, and I was like, you know, I I said, order books, work like I think it worked in Cardano, because it was the only DEX out right. What was that? That was? not minswap that noodle stuff? Starts with an M. Anybody remember that Cardano Dex that was like. It was the 1st Cardano DEX. I forget what it is.

Grayman: Gosh!

qx(): But anyway, I think that worked because it was the only thing there, and people got familiar with it and started, you know, realizing how order books work that they're not used to the exchanges. so I don't know goes tough. Right? So I said, you know, I said, the easiest way to do this is, let's just integrate the Amm pools and and that that spectrum and you and Crooks all use, I said. Then you'll be able to present a shit ton of liquidity virtually, and an order book style, as well as blend that with what people put in for their own order, book stuff and and allow buys and sells right from there. So the cool thing about that is, you know, now we can. Now we would be able to go to Trade House, and if we want to catch the dip at 2 10, and we don't want to touch exchanges with Kyc. Or use Non, Kyc. Or anything like that. We want to take advantage of the big ass liquidity and the liquidity pools. We just put a limit by for $2 for the dip, and if the DEX or the order book side either contract hit it, then it executes it. So he's writing the bots that does that. and I've offered to run the bots with him. So there's a backup bot, because I know we all know that sometimes the auction bot goes down. so then there'll be at least a backup there, running locally on my network here. So hopefully, it'll be a good experience. But I think that's definitely needed. I think someplace not centralized where you can do limit buys and sells is sorely missing from from us from ergo. so that's really awesome. That 2 people. I guess 2 out of the 6 put some big donations in, really wanted to see it happen. So that's 2 days. That's awesome. was it? Newman?

Grayman: Yeah, I I was too late now. It's already filled, although I guess I could still.

qx(): Oh, no, you can still do it. You still get the tokens. Yeah. throw it, throw a hundred organ there, and you'll still get the auction house token. Sorry, Mark, what was that?

Marc Le Shark: Yeah, I put up a vote on the 6 mining Dow. So that extra storage rent allocation. If that passes, I have another vote to put that towards the ergo, raffle.

qx(): Awesome. You could also like well, that swaps, too. like you could make you could write in. It depends. You could put. You could have people's mining rewards go right to Trade House at a limit, sell so if they want to, if they want to collect it and sell it for 10 cents more. you know. They put it in. You put a limit order, sell for that, and then when the price goes up, it sells those kind of things. So you can combine that kind of stuff with Trade House, which, if people are interested, kind of a set and forget you mind today. And then you get paid out in 5 weeks when the price goes up, you know.

Grayman: What are fees like? Because that wouldn't work out very well for me. Only got one rig going right now. although winter's here so.

qx(): What are auction? House fees?

Grayman: Yeah.

qx(): I let me look.

Grayman: I guess.

qx(): Sure.

Grayman: Like. If I did that on you I'd be screwed because I'd be eating, you know, 25 cents a a day. Every time I get nerd payout of like lesson in erg.

Hq3r: Get a fucking tire. 6 man.

qx(): There's Hq. Let me ask. Let me ask Annon.

Grayman: That's okay. I'll figure it out later. It's not that big of a deal. I'm not gonna do that.

qx(): All right? I asked him. Let's see what he says. Cool, cool. What's it called? So I asked. I started, and I know this might be controversial for you people. and I'm probably for sure controversial for for Rustin watching so sorry, Rustin, I started a a Sigs. I just call it the Order of the Sigs as a joke. Chat with myself, mark Jake, the Snake and super geometry. and that's mainly just for daily operational chat essentially like, Hey, like yesterday, I ping mark! And we talked about the we talked about what was going to be decided about storage rent to get that moving, and then I, ping Jake with a task to start making up the books, the Excel books to start organizing flow in and out of the company of the Sigs. So stuff like that. If you guys want to jump in, you're welcome to. I don't want to gatekeep that I just wanted to make it more. I don't know. Less noisy. easier to, you know. Have a shorter record of stuff as opposed to digging through a public Sigs. Chat for that kind of thing just seemed faster at the time, so tell me no, or or join it, or or don't join it, and and see what it, you know, recognize what it is and what it's for. It doesn't matter. Just give me your feedback if you have it.

Grayman: It's on telegram.

qx(): It's on telegram. Yeah. But it's more focused towards like 0 bullshit. All. Just what are we doing? Let's do this. Let's do that so that we don't have to feed through a bunch of shit to remember what we talked about. That wasn't directed at you, Raymond. But I think that's

Marc Le Shark: So then, in in terms of like the multi sig, just to kind of reiterate for November and December. Then we'll just once, that's all done. We'll send that for of E. 2 for the server monthly cool.

qx(): Yep, yep, oh, so also you! What's his name? Super? Geometry has given me some cool metrics for sigs. I was going to try to put that up with a discussion and chat about that. And then, if that discussion went well and people were pleased, I was going to put up super geometry for hire him for the Sigmonot's social kind of thing, and not and expand it beyond twitter. You know, if if he's going to be getting X amount of ergs it's going to be. Let's see, let's make sure he's on Reddit doing that stuff. Let's make sure he's on Twitter. Let's make sure he's helping out I'm making sure that he's coordinating with rustin for things going to blue sky. And well, what the other one is, and kind of always searching out new places and avenues to get our social thing out. Not necessarily marketing. But you know this is like a social manager, I guess something like that. But in general he, the the overall status. We're up a hundred and 120, some percent, I think it was. Let me see, do I have the number here? 123% more engagement on that segment count for that month that he joined, which I think is pretty damn good. He's got the. He's got the reach metrics here, the engagement metrics. Average engagement post, all that stuff analysis highlights. He's using the Twitter metrics calculator for this. So he's got all those things. I'll put those in a Padilla discussion so we can chat about them. And you guys can say that's not enough to make me confident that this is positive of a change. Or you know, this is good. Let's see how it goes.

Grayman: He's got a good sense of humor, too.

qx(): He's real sharp. He's real sharp. Yep, 100%. And he's he's knowledgeable, too. Right? So the stuff that he writes about. Yeah, see? Yeah, Ken, I'll make a public. I'll put a I mean, I'll put it in the vote cannon the discussion, not the vote. I'll make a Padilla discussion with all the metrics. what's it called? Yeah, yeah, he's knowledgeable, right? So the stuff that he posts about he's in the know he's you know you don't see him. It's funny you don't see him on main chats, but he's definitely engaged. Main chats too much he's definitely engaged in is knowing what's going on with the system like he asked me yesterday about the pajama thing. Do we know who's running that? Yeah. So he's like, well, you know, did you guys usually promote this? And I was like, I was like, until we really know who it is, or you know, if there's locked liquidity, and if the airdrops actually happening are going to happen, and we're sure about it, then maybe we can, you know, ping it out there. But until we know if it's a you know, rug, pull or not, and if the liquidity is going to even be locked, then it's probably wise to just let the natural hype happen without the need for the Sigs at the point.

Grayman: Happy Pos is pushing it. So it's probably not gonna be a, you know. Scam.

qx(): Lee loves Frosty, that's all I'm saying.

Hq3r: Yeah, you don't. You don't know when 2 people can combine and they rug you so.

qx(): Yeah.

Hq3r: I don't want. I don't want to sound shitty, but paper is doing some shitty stuff right now.

qx(): So that's just my take on that, too. Yeah. So.

Marc Le Shark: So you're saying we should rug.

Grayman: Everybody. Get your your pajamas and sell them.

Marc Le Shark: Right. Then you just have to buy cocks. Sell your Pjs for Cox.

qx(): Us. Canon, what do you mean? You need a public link to what the metrics. like like a rolling sheet instead of Padilla.

Hq3r: I think he was talking about the the group you have created.

qx(): Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, all right, I can put it in the Sigs. but it's it's what's it called? Yeah, I'll put it in the 6 chat and post and explain to everybody about it. Oh, he says, yes, I have a sheets file. Okay. yeah, no problem. I can ask him to make a sheets file, and then we can put that on Padilla. But I know it's clunky as fuck, but it's it's what we got right now, you know, doubts are not. You know this is a beginning cannon. This is a start.

Grayman: It's getting better.

qx(): Jesus wore sandals.

Marc Le Shark: So we could run hilarious.

qx(): What else? I think I think that's it, super jam, and he's really inspired me to engage more in Twitter, too. So ever since he started I've been trying to do a lot more from the main account poking around with meme. I think I posted one or 2 memes, too. Did you guys see the Thanksgiving dinner, meme that I posted.

Marc Le Shark: Yeah, yeah. That was hilarious.

qx(): So I'll try to keep them like high, level, smart like that, and not go stupid. Gutter fuck kind of memes. But yeah. I made a I made a I had some extra. I have my greasy sex, not greasy. I have my gif, and I have some ergs that I got from the last payout for running the servers, so I converted those to Ada and sent it over the bridge, and I made a greasy sex Gif Ada Pool over on Cardano. Just so. It's there so that Austin didn't have to worry about it. I thought I'd help him out because it was sitting there. but I think he just made a ethereum pool. I think trolls just made a Cardano pool on minswap. So if you guys have stuff kicking around like, if you have some Ada kicking around, and you want to support those kind of things. You know it's out there. It's it's it's you know. I guess. Have faith in your projects. That kind of thing. What else? Oh, I'm on help chat with binance for the last 15Â min, and they still haven't answered me. Central exchanges are fucking crazy. My brother-in-law is here, and he wanted help moving stuff out of binance us to Coinbase. So I was we were going to convert his soul to ethereum, and he hasn't been in his binance account in a couple of years. So we logged in everything looked Great went to withdraw, typed in the code, and it said, Your account is disabled. Fucking, classic rule, support and support said, Check your deposits, you know. Maybe one didn't clear, and we checked, and everything's cleared perfectly fine, you know, from years ago. So classic bullshit under supported bullshit, you know.

Grayman: They gotta move their funds around so that they can support the.

qx(): You're right. The withdrawal. It's it's a delay.

Grayman: They're just playing for time.

qx(): Gotta go cash out of their shorts somewhere else.

Grayman: You go to the bank and say you want to take out a thousand bucks in cash, and they're like you need to talk to the manager.

qx(): Oh, shit, boss! Cups of sugar is also on Cardano. Right, Jemiah, do you have a pool on Cardano? You do? Awesome. Thank you.

Jumei: 4.6 7. I think there's 600 liquidity right now.

qx(): 600 in total, so 3, 300 300.

Jumei: I think so.

qx(): Nice, awesome. I don't think I have many cups of sugar. I'd help you out.

Jumei: No worries. So I'm working on some stuff. So.

qx(): I have 1 billion cups of sugar. Is that no.

Jumei: See you, man, do what you want.

qx(): No, I mean is that is that more than 10? How much is that over there on Cardano? Would that help with liquidity?

Jumei: No, I then no, I'm good. I'm good right now. Don't worry about it.

qx(): All right, sir. And also when that that'll be also be the other transaction that failed last time. There's 500 ergs coming for the Nft purchase from Hq. There's also a thousand ergs coming to Jamai. So once I get to Version one, the 1st payment will be salary payments, including Jamai's 1,000 ergs and Hq's 500 ergs for the well, how much ever it costs to buy a nft from Hq. Website. So those will be in there as well.

Hq3r: I think he should be charging you some extra fees for it, because those 100 I got around 2,000 right now. No, those those 1,000 drugs are around 2,000 drugs now, because I don't know who the hell just saw Mew yesterday, and it is pumping like shit.

qx(): Oh, muse! Pumping.

Grayman: Yes, woo.

qx(): It's time.

Hq3r: We will see a dump right now from Qx.

qx(): Yeah, like, see? You.

Grayman: Let's see, we can do it. Live on camera.

Marc Le Shark: Yeah, all the tokens are doing really well.

qx(): Wow! Look at that! That's perfect. I don't have irk for fees shit. He got me.

Grayman: I thought it.

Hq3r: The thing is I have. I have a question, because this morning me and Echo and Richie, we had this this discussion, because if you see at the at the 14% and drop right.

qx(): In fact, yeah.

Hq3r: That. Yeah, that's very bad.

qx(): Don't have enough liquidity to cover something this big. Now that's the thing.

Hq3r: Yeah. The thing is, we're trying to get deeper liquidity. And the move which we have decided for now is we need. And and the price we have to. We we need to dump it and lock the dirk in the liquidity. Because we are not. It's it's difficult to see. It's I never thought that pumping coin or some rising price will be there.

qx(): You want me to. You want me to dump it so you can add liquidity.

Hq3r: If no.

qx(): I'm losing $600 doing it.

Hq3r: No, the thing is, that's why we are trying to do it from the Treasury. We will dump it, and we will add it back to the liquidity. If you want to elevate.

qx(): That sounds like that move that the lemming guy, the lemur Guy did to build liquidity.

Hq3r: Yeah. But are we allowed in the liquid.

Marc Le Shark: Thank you.

Hq3r: We are locking it. What else do you want me to do? Okay, I will leave it how it is, and then it will be much harder for other people to get in.

Marc Le Shark: Okay.

qx(): I mean, it's harder on a level, though you know what I mean. It just seems like it's harder. It's all the same relative, right. I mean, they're all getting.

Hq3r: No, the thing is that they are for me. It's not profitable right now to have a tire. 6. Actually, you are you? I ran a 2 or 3 paid users, 3 tire, 6 queries yesterday, and there are people who have saved around 124 on fees. plus. They are getting 7 work from the profit, sharing so.

qx(): Damn! That's awesome. Hq. Well, not for you.

Hq3r: Money.

Marc Le Shark: Yeah.

qx(): So how is is mu doing okay for you with with swap profits? Is it sustaining you well enough to at least pay for your servers?

Hq3r: Yeah, the revenues. The revenue stream is going. We have not charged anything yet. Have you rugged? Have you rugged Aiko yet? No, we have not wrecked Eiko yet, but he's been in Thailand enjoying his lady boys.

qx(): Oh, gosh!

Marc Le Shark: It's like a buy one. Get one free.

qx(): Cool.

Marc Le Shark: Okay.

Hq3r: Yeah. The thing is, we need to find a way how to how to have a deeper liquidity, because we cannot even do a yield fund because it's the 1st of all the system. The protocol is shit, the boards are shitty, you have to maintain them. You have to look after them like you have a newborn baby.

qx(): Well, they don't pay very much right.

Hq3r: Yeah.

Marc Le Shark: There's not.

Hq3r: That they don't don't pay. They break a lot. It's written city code, and a part of that. I was working on making new batches.

qx(): Which were just like the the spectrum bots. Yeah.

Hq3r: But we were going to reward in mu. But then we had order book, so now we have to look at and do it. So it is both things so it can be done. But if you are telling me that you are going to. if you are telling me that you're going to run the bots for the order books. Maybe if you can provide me with that, and we can combine them both into one.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, Aaron, Aaron says that he's gonna open source those bots. So so I'll talk to him.

Hq3r: It'll be.

qx(): You can see the code as it's being built kind of thing as long as you give us a hundred 1,000 ergs in in slashing.

Grayman: Yeah, don't worry. I. When I have that money I will call you okay.

qx(): Alright! If you want me to lose 600 bucks, I'm happy to help you out. If you're ready. Kind of thing.

Hq3r: Don't worry. I think I just got a DM. From one of my whales who will just take care of it.

qx(): This! Oh God! This is recorded! Everybody! Oh.

Hq3r: Let's go back and restart.

qx(): Too late. Shit.

Hq3r: Yeah. But the the thing is this, all these things happen, these things happen back curtains. So you have to know.

qx(): Oh, I know. Yeah, yeah, for sure.

Hq3r: And the thing is, if we are, if if even if we are dumping it, we're not dumping it for us. We are locking the liquidity for people to to have cheaper tokens. It's not for for us, it's for the for the people. And, by the way.

qx(): I thought it balances out the same. The only the only issue with you're still putting the same amount of money into the liquidity pool essentially, but you're putting it on at that price. So there's more room for the impermanent loss. If the token goes down, that's the only issue. you know you put a thousand. You put a thousand ergs in, and you know 20,000 mu instead of a thousand ergs and 50,000 mu, it's still $2,000 worth of ergs, you know, either way. Same amount.

Hq3r: Yeah, we will. I have. I think I will. We'll give it a look. And the other solution I have is actually, I can lower the the tire amounts. So if we had 500,000, which was the tire 5, I can load it to 400. It will be less in dollar value.

qx(): That can be another fix. Yeah.

Hq3r: By the way, I started, I started working on twa, which are the telegram web apps inside telegram. So I think we can build some interesting stuff on it.

qx(): Nice.

Hq3r: Stuffy. They'll go pay. The 1st thing I'm going to do is to just try to fetch all the all data from Sigma Voice and create a explorer and go. It will be app inside telegram from where you can just.

qx(): Just get a bunch of stats.

Hq3r: About. There we go. Yeah, no, you can see all the ecosystem. and we can even have an an aggregated type like iframe it iframe all the websites inside which supporters go pay. So people don't need to go to the websites, and they can just do anything they want from their mobile.

qx(): Awesome, sir. I meant to. Did you see my chat where I asked you if we could have a few minutes together just like romantic candlelight. I've I've gotten behind in.

Hq3r: I think my wife is listening to this, and with my with my wife, with my wife. Yet.

qx(): Just so. I can better represent you on socials better. I think I've missed. I have a general idea of your pools and your liquidity sharing. I just want to make sure I have it down, Pat, before I before I do it. Since I've been you're going too fast.

Hq3r: There's, I think.

qx(): You can. You can. You can tell your wife that in ergo, they appreciate it when I'm fast.

Hq3r: Sometime. Yeah. Sometime we have 12Â min blocks.

qx(): All right. Anybody else.

Grayman: I got 2 things.

qx(): All right.

Grayman: Both regarding idea. What is the discussion that's happening there? It seems like it's more or less coalesced. And I need to just go ahead and change the the Dow settings. I'm gonna leave out the part about voting, because I don't think that we've really come to a conclusion about how we want to deal with that. that your suggestion to make an nft essentially, that that is the sort of immutable rules of discussion is fine, or it could just be you know what Rustin suggested if.

qx(): Yeah, hash is just as easy, right? That can fit. Because I can live in a Google drive the hash. Essentially, everybody can download the file, I mean, and then they can check against the hash themselves, and as long as it matches a hash that we voted on on Padilla, then everything's great.

Grayman: Yeah. So in that case, we could just link to the sigmonauts.com site, and, you know. throw up some a footer with some socials and just make it look more like a normal website on Padia. And the other one is, I'm preparing to make a proposal with regards to this Edinburgh decentralization index thing. I don't know if you've been following that discussion in the Sigs chat. Basically, it's it's something that I think is was begun by Charles Hoskinson and the folks at Cardano, because this the guy is sort of the head of the blockchain program at that university in Scotland is like a chief scientist for I/O, hk. and recently won some great big award. Anyway, they want 12 grand roughly in us dollars more like. Well, they. They quoted the the price in in pounds. So the discussion has gone like this. I sent them an email saying, we're interested in potentially, you know, getting listed on your decentralization index. What would be involved? They sent a response, saying, Sure, yeah, we'd love to do that. Ergo would be a good fit for this. Here's what we would need. And here's what the costs are. And so then I posted up that email in the chat. And it's been, you know, batted around some some discussion you know whether or not we could use this data center hosting that they're providing as part of their costs to service public infrastructure for for ergo. and sort of, you know. get more than our money's worth. The response was that they will not offer public Apis. but they may be able to share data with us that could help some other explore instance. etc, etc. So who knows what? What? That'll come down to. But he also said that nobody could have secure shell access unless they were on the payroll at their data center, or as a student at Edinburgh. I was like, that's all right. We'll just convince one of your students or engineers to become a sigma, and then we'll be good. But The question is, does it make sense to make this proposal? Should I go along with it? And so far the the you know, general response has been somewhat muted but positive. so I was thinking I would go ahead and throw it up there. But I wanted to talk to you all one more time about the way to deal with the finances for this. So what I sort of thought would make sense would be put up the proposal and propose that if it passes that we convert a certain amount of you know, I understand the need to be honest. Okay, that's it. We can talk about. So if we convert the money for that ergs into Sig Usd in an amount that would be roughly equal to what they're gonna ask for over the next 2 years of hosting and and engineering. Then I would also put up as part of the proposal, but you know, subsequent to it. Passing. I would put up a mu fund to try and recover the amount in erg that would be necessary to convert Sig Usd. Which we would set aside and then use to pay them. So I don't know if that's the best way to go about doing that. I'm looking for some comments. It sounds like cannon is saying he doesn't understand the need for the Edi. So in the absence of of actually getting public infrastructure then I mean, if if that were the case, then I would say, Well, the the need is is that it provides another node and explore, and that that would be great, but since they won't be doing that for us, then it really just comes down to the original, which is that this is a let's say, established especially within the sort of Cardano side of the crypto world. as a place where a 3rd party with academic credentials will certify using a variety of metrics that you are as decentralized as I think we all know that we are, and that chains like Solana and Whatnot really aren't. because you might be able to game things like the Nakamoto coefficient, or something like that, by just having. you know all your Vc buddies pay for another, you know. ridiculously potent machine on another continent. But that's not really actually decentralized, right? We all know that Solana might as well be a database, and it would be better off, because then they wouldn't fail so many transactions. So if you go and look at the Edi, what you'll see is that they have multiple measures, and it's not just about the the consensus mechanism. It's also about the Gini coefficient, for example, measuring how decentralized are the holdings. at least on the face of it. I I realize with any of these things you can have multiple wallets. So you don't really know like, how how to centralize is ethereum, really? When they had this massive pre-mine. And anyway. it provides a sense of legitimacy, something that you can point to, something that if you ever ran into a sort of a conflict with a regulatory authority that you could say, Look, I mean, this is certainly how Cardano used it right when Charles was trying to argue that that Cardano is a come, that Ada is a commodity. In the same way that land is a is should be organized like a commodity. You can grow crops on your land and sell those crops. It doesn't make it a security. so only tracks. Btc Bch damage each L to a yes. hasn't tracked Ada in a year. That surprises me, because I think they were the one that originally funded this program to start there for their brass. He must be talking about on the on the dashboard page. So so far, I think. I mean, I think, Mark said. Send it. Let's go ahead and post this up. I don't wanna post it up if if I mean, it's 2 bucks in pie or whatever, unless they lower the fees. I'm I'm happy to throw up a proposal and have it defeated. But I'd like to know if there's some consensus. Is is this crazy? You know, and these are the people who are on this call right now are probably most of the people that would be voting cannon seems skeptical. How do other people feel.

qx(): So they don't. Looking at your your messages in chat. They don't offer any endpoints right? So if they were to house explorer and and or if they were to house our nodes, there would be no access to them right where they just give you reports on them. I'm on the.

Grayman: Yeah, I mean, it's essentially for the I I guess that's part of their maintaining a neutral 3rd party kind of analysis based approach and in maintaining the integrity of this index right that they're not actually necessarily a participant in the infrastructure of the blockchain. It's more about they are monitoring it.

qx(): So it's essentially we could ask them for data sets. Kind of like, Hq, what's the what's the name of that? that database that guy was building 2 years ago. I forget. Jeremiah. Maybe you know I'm still in the I'm still in their discord somewhere. but it was, you know, it was able to have a ton of data extraction on very simple, you know, very complex things, and it'd be like one query kind of thing. So I mean, I could see the use for that, because that was Hq. You don't remember Hq. Just got hit by his wife.

Hq3r: You're talking about a service.

qx(): Yeah. Azarus, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got it? Yep, yep, yep. So that was like, it was kind of like, ergo watch, but a bit more complex where they put all they keep all the data in there they do a massive amount of additional indexing. So these kind of queries that are really hard to do on explorer and the node are done really fast and easily on azure. Azarus. I mean, I can see the advantage of that, but it's

Grayman: And I think they're offering to provide that level of access to us if they were to do this. But they're primarily focused on running a node in order to be able to run their their metrics against it, which are all open source and public. Or we could do this ourselves, and just say, Hey, we use these same metrics that we got off their github. And here's how ergo ranks, according to all these other things, and pay nothing for it. So really the money goes to it. It goes to establishing legitimacy, I guess I would say over a 2 year period, and you can. You can decide whether or not that matters to you. I think, for most of the people that are currently ergonauts or sigma naughts. It doesn't matter because we're already here, and we already know that it's legitimate. The issue is when you're trying to convince new people, and you want to shortcut that, and they don't have the time to understand that we're for serious as opposed to, you know. consensus or some other corporation that's pretending to be decentralized, but not at all, so I don't know. I don't really have an evaluation of how important that is. Maybe asking somebody from the Cardano world would be a way to go with that. but I did think that it was worth pursuing this to the extent that I'd talk to them and see what it costs. And and so then talk to you guys.

Hq3r: Well, if you ask me, I think I I would go with your second proposal, which you are you are trying to do is, which is for common users, scenario, which was for the the hackathon for ui and ux. If you balance, if we try to balance the 16 k. As Hackathon, and another 16 K. As for the proposal you are, you are telling, I think people will be more leaned toward having a better user experience on a record. and those are the people who are going to contribute the money for this. If we are going to broadfund it. I think if we had to choose at current state. because at at current state, 16 K is 8,000, erg we can have this in future. When I go, maybe does 2025, then it would be less money for us to have that. So I think, for now we, what what we need is that we need to entertain the the people we have already. because there are many people who who really cannot understand many things because we have options. As for I remember, there was only 38 options minted. and it has been around for maybe one and a half or 2 years. So these are the things I think we should be focusing and and bringing more people, not just bringing more people, just not kind of surviving or reviving projects we have which are done, which are ready, but they are not maintained.

Grayman: Well, parenthetically, I've been having a conversation with Bruno about that in the Ergonauts Channel. He suggested something that reminded me of that old idea the contest rather than the hackathon. and he was looking at it more from sort of like a you know, a a corporate reaches to academic standpoint. He's thinking about Google summer of code and and and trying to reach out to people that way. And then questioning, how would we go about funding that. And I fully accept the point that you're making. Hq. That this is not a small amount of money at any time. Right? You know it's 12 grand for this Edi thing, and who knows what it would be for the for you know, hosting a contest or a summer of code, or whatever it ends up being Bruno made some some objections or not objections, but comments on on the things that I had written out. and I think that what he said makes sense. I think that maybe changing that original proposal into something more like a less like a hackathon. But one thing they did say is that He didn't think that that ui ux was really a good, alright sort of venue for the type of thing that he's talking about. I think he was. He was supposing that maybe what we need to do is fund and support more development of back end type stuff. And er is the the ergo dev level less so than the web dev level? No, no, I don't. I don't have that. I I'm just discussing these things because I think it makes sense. I do agree that if the price of erg went up to to, you know, 20 bucks, it's a lot easier to come up with with with 12 grand to send to Edinburgh to, you know. Have them act as a as a sort of shrut, a minimizing force for us in terms of marketing. It's worth worth discussing.

Cannon: So the only thing I have with the Edinburgh thing is, I've seen it bashed and social media that sure it's unbiased. But they're researchers from Iohk. So of course, they're going to show that Ada is more decentralized than other options. I mean, I've just seen that I can't point to it specifically, I could go dredge it up if I have to. The second is, if they're original. proposal is 12. I I don't understand, and I haven't seen it articulated. Is there a deposit? Is the whole thing? Do upfront? And then we're guaranteed 2 years worth of support like I don't understand that part of it. Until you mentioned something today about maybe there's phasing or stair steps of payments over time. For maintenance. That that's just not clear to me. So if that could be fleshed out some more. Maybe that makes sense. But I'm not an organization that says that Ada is decentralized when 18% of their entire token balance went to insiders and founders. I'm sorry. It. Stuff has data to show that they are not that decentralized because the way that pools operate in the back ends of who operates the various pools that are large. So I mean, it's I think it's cool. I like Hq's idea of maybe waiting until you only need 600 earned. or 6,000, or whatever the number is. I guess 600 right if it goes to 20. but you know, I think that's more palatable at that point. But I I'm not sure what I'm not sure what weight the the organization carries outside of Cardano circles, I guess, would be my objective question.

Grayman: Yeah, we we already have a whole bunch of those people on board, right? They already know that we're for serious. So.

Cannon: Or or they don't right. A lot of them still think we're testing that. I mean it. It sort of depends on who you talk to from their side. Right?

Grayman: But my point is is that from a marketing standpoint.

Cannon: Yeah.

Grayman: A lot of exposure in the Cardano universe. They're at least aware of our existence, right? So.

Cannon: To some level. Yeah, okay.

Grayman: As far as the payment schedule. I think it was broken down as going to be like 2. Grand was hosting costs for 2 years and 10 grand of it was, was the engineering cost which they thought would take about 2 months to roll it out, so my assumption would be that that would be an upfront cost. and that that the 2 Grand might be spread out over time. But I don't know for sure. and that would have to be, I guess, negotiated. Once you get to the point where yeah, somebody somebody eventually is gonna have to sign a contract. If this goes through glasgow is like you, said a train right away from those folks so potentially could mediate that stuff if it got to the point where we were ready to hand it off, and intentional about spending the money. But my sense from this conversation is that we should not. I should not put this proposal up yet.

Cannon: I don't. I don't think that there's enough understanding in the community of why we would need it. I guess so.

Grayman: Okay.

Cannon: That's just me. I'm not saying I'm right. I'm just telling you what happened.

Grayman: yeah, I I don't disagree again. It's a lot of money. It's a substantial portion of the Treasury as as it exists right now. and you know that money eventually is there to be spent. But eventually it could be worth a lot more. And then you also have the issue of what are all the other demands on the Treasury, including potentially a hackathon and market making and all the stuff that we've got going on. So I think I'm gonna shelf it. I'll write an email to this guy and just say, Hey, we did discuss it. And we had. There is an interest in this, but we need some time to think about how to arrange it in a budget. and then basically just stiff, arm them for half a year, and if er goes up to 20, then I'll I'll I'll bring it up. You guys, let's set some aside in the form of Sig Usd. and then try and do this proposal at that point sound good.

Cannon: I don't think so.

Grayman: Anything else, going.

Hq3r: Now we have to find a way to get more people in the meetings. That's what we need to do.

Cannon: And I'm not sure how.

Hq3r: Because even even if we are pumping, we don't have people in here. because if we're talking about decentralized, if we're talking about dows, if we were talking about everything, the 1st thing you need is participation. and if we don't even have that shit, then why the hell we are even doing it in in a in a decentralized way. So yeah, I think we need to find a way to to. We. We have to prune, we have to prune, and we have to get as smaller circle of people who are dedicated, and we're here to contribute.

Cannon: Yeah, I didn't see anything on the pruning. I know Rustin left some comments, but I didn't see anything on. and I have to go back and read it. I might not read it completely, but he he was going through. I saw the. He has a listing on the github quote unquote sigma naughts right? And so he was going through and putting autumn flowers on it, or autumn leaves on a couple of them to sort of show like they've aged out, and they're not there anymore. But I'm not the the thing that confused me about Pandaea this whole time was the it'll say members or something like that. I forget the nomenclature on the website. But the actual staking doesn't equate one to one to quote unquote members. That's just people who log sign with their wallet onto the site. Not necessarily, but have staked a token And I know there's several people who haven't staked tokens because it was real clunky at the start, and probably haven't come back. But there's only, I think, 10, 6 in the new dow, and there's 24, if I remember right still in the old dow that are staked there in the Beta But his list has 87, or 88 sigma. Naughts quote unquote on Github on the overall list. So I don't know the the raw, raw mechanics of it, or you know what needs to occur there, but.

Grayman: Yeah, I mean real engagement matters. We aren't trying to build some fly by night startup social media Company, where number of users go up right. It it has to be actual participation. and an effort put forth. But then again, different types of efforts for different.

Hq3r: How about? How about? How about? How about we keep sigma knots as sigma knots? Okay? And we can build 3 roles under sigma knots which can be different in categories depending on the skill set of person in open forms, so people can submit to it. and people can join those to become sigma node.

Grayman: What! What would the categories be.

Hq3r: For example, we can have, we can have dev marketing and graphic designers. And then, when you have something, some stuff to to deal with. I think the one of the things which we lack a lot on on social media is that we don't make enough posts. We don't share enough opportunities, and we don't a express enough. There are many things in Argo which are all which are not on Cardano, but we don't talk about it. And then, if you were talking about how to get more exposure to ergo, to the Cardano people, I think that there is very simple metrics to that. Bring all our assets which are on on Rosen Bridge and create yield farms. You don't have those tokens to add to lp, because you will have to buy it. When you buy it there will be up, and they will have to come. even if they come to dump it. They are coming to ergo, and they are bridging some stuff to ergo. and if you have yield form, set up so they will lock it, and you have liquidity locked from them, and they are getting yield farm rewards on it. So yeah, there are many details on Cardano which, like these things, the Apr. Juicy aprs. because with only with Disco Solaris. When we launch 3 people bridged. They just reached to dump because the price was different here. So I think, because at at the end of the day, the the main project which is going to bring more utility. 12 by 8, Roland Page, and we have to adapt ourselves to it. because that's that's my main goal, for from you, too, because that's the thing which is going to bring more users to me. I'll go. Won't bring that much user to me. It's frozen bridge which is going to bring users.

Grayman: Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, it makes sense when you're talking about users and not devs. But you know, money eventually comes from users. Right? I mean, maybe some devs. But devs by definition are trying to make a living by improving the system. whereas users are trying to make a living by.

Cannon: You'll have it.

Grayman: So anyway, almost noon got to get to it.

Hq3r: Yeah, it's time it's time for you to to go to the church. Are you going in sandals?

Grayman: No, I am not I. I actually went to church earlier today, and no, no sandals.

Hq3r: I think I think we should. We should maybe try to find another not. Not just hard coded, something like this, but maybe another day for meeting. because for some people, for for some people, Sundays, are they? They're just there for them to relax from from from Internet. We could do midweek something or midweek. Try if there are more engagement. If there are more people joining, and maybe we can move the meeting and do it midweek, or do it when most people can join, because we are trying to be. We have. I think we have been doing this for one year. and the most people we got were 14, and that only happens when Kusti joins, and that, yeah.

Grayman: Yeah, I mean, I think that a lot of the discussion is happening on the chats, right? It's happening in discord and telegram. And so a lot of Sigma nots probably feel like that's where they are participating, and that these types of talks are not as useful, although, I mean, those are probably the same people that aren't voting on on Paidia. Right? So I mean to me, this type of a of a conversation is very useful because it gives you instant feedback with some kind of you know voice intonations, and sort of a feeling for how serious somebody is about what they're saying, whereas chats, you know. chats come and go, that scrolls up and up, and then it's gone. These types of things are more. It's horrible.

Hq3r: Yeah, because for me, for me, when I go to sleep it is night. Here it is day in U.S.A, and when I wake up, and when I see there is like a 89 messages which I have to read. and there is something juicy happening right when I wake up, so I will just go to where. where I see that there is something which is happening, and which is something which captures my attention, and I will just ignore all the 89 messages which are before. I think I'm not the only one who does this. There are many people do that because I I wake up with with 5 to 6 customer support tickets like people like who don't even know how to connect their wallet to adapt. They'll be like dude. You got me hacked. I cannot connect my wallet to to Mumart, I was like, why cannot you connect your wallet? So turns out that they're ergo mobile wallet node is not even synced. so I have to help those, so I have to be a custom customer support. Then I have to be Deb. Then I have to to tolerate Jumai when he is drunk, and a lot of stuff to to take care of.

Grayman: Well, there's now a new discord, right? So there should be a support channel on that. So you just have to recruit some of us Sigs, to help you out with the support channel. There.

Hq3r: Not sure if anyone is going to to help or mew. but I think no, the main. The main goal was for that was to build the engagement. the engage bot. because that was, I think the the numbers, the numbers, are then are the key in this, and if you are running on social media. If you have good numbers. you attract more people. But yeah, I was just thinking of rewarding people with new token. not big chunks, but small chunks for contribution and sharing and everything. So let's see how that turns out.

Grayman: The nature of exponentials. It's the it's the equation which describes what happens when a group increases in size based on the current size of the group. Right? The more people you have more connections I have to other people, the bigger it gets. And right now. I mean, we're just at least we aren't. At least we're here right. I mean, there's at least there's something we haven't died like a lot of these other shit coin projects and whatnot that never had anything. But yeah, we're kind of stuck on a on a very low plateau here, and expanding is going to take some some efforts reaching more people so.

Hq3r: Yeah. Wait.

Grayman: I don't know how I can help, but I'd be happy to help.

Hq3r: Yeah, I think I think that the things take take time sometimes. So I'm I'm very patient about that. because I could have built lps on Cardano and pump the price and do all that, because I know how to do it, and how. No, I know people who have done that and do that. But no. there's way of doing things correctly, and I'm just pushing for that path. I'm not just hustling or just trying to to do things too fast, so I cannot have control over those, because there are things which can which you which need to be controlled. even if it is a decentralized finance.

Grayman: Indeed! Alright. I gotta take off see everybody later. I think. He made me the meeting organizer. So if you guys want to keep talking then. oh.

Jumei: Yeah, I gotta get going. Take it easy.

Grayman: Hey? Good talking to you, though, Dave?
