+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: May 19, 2024'
date = '2024-05-21T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

qx(): Yeah, hang on. Alright. Recording is on. Rustin is amazing. Thank you, Rustin. Alright sorry go on canon.

Cannon: No, it's all good. So yeah, that's the setup meeting. Yeah. Just follow up with him. treasury real quick. There wasn't a lot of changes from last week. I think there was some outgoing 2 weeks ago. For the Cornell blockchain and a few other smaller things. But yeah, not a lot of activity there, I think that's saying something about needing to pay for the rear Evo, like this week or next week, maybe. Is that correct?

qx(): Yeah, so I'll make a I think there's a couple of payments going at this week. I gotta go through paideia again to see what it is, but there's a soap payment. There's a rare evo payment. There might be one other payment as well that I can't recall. But I'll I'll put it in chat. The the what's it? Called the Cornell blockchain payment. We did a test transfer cause I honestly, I've never exited crypto before. So I mean, that's really funny. Never exited crypto before. So it was new to me. And so in the us at least. Since I'm trying to get us from either We send it to Anastasia, and either from the market maker, from her bank, whatever she has there, or she converted it for us. I'm not sure, Mark. Maybe Mark could fill us in if he if he wants to. But that came. We did a test. 500. It came to my coin. Based Web 3, while it apparently because Coinbase doesn't do Usd inside their platform. So then I had a hell of a time connecting my web. 3 wallet to my actual coin based account for coinbase. It was a pain in the ass, and finally I found like a trick. If you go in through the coin based, app not the wallet on your phone, you can then send it out of the web 3 wallet from there. So I sent it to the coin based custodial, non custodial wallet. Where I have the seed from converted the Usdc. Sent it back to Coin base and then cashed out, and it hit my bank account 2 days later. So this 500 or 5 50, whatever the whatever the test herbs were sent to my bank minus about $2 cost about a dollar every time that I swapped it. So yeah, so that that that's gonna work. So the rest of the the rest of the cash hopefully today or tomorrow will be sent. and I'll finish cashing that out and show you guys a check show. You guys the email receipt all that good stuff as well as show you my plane tickets to my next vacation.

Cannon: Yeah, that was that was the one thing on that one. That sort of shocked me was they didn't take payment and crypto. It didn't look.

qx(): Yeah, I told her about it. Yeah, yeah. I told her about it. I think it's a little yeah. It is interesting. The I guess the the people they pay aren't gonna take it in Crypto like the Cornell. I think they had to pay $10,000 for the dinner beforehand, and then.

Cannon: It would make it their problem. Don't make it. Every person else that's trying to interact with me.

qx(): I know, especially if it's a blockchain conference. You'd think that. my goodness! At least they're not hound. They're not hounding me yet, so that's a good thing they wanted. It may first, but they haven't even.

Cannon: They know last they know where to find you.

qx(): Yeah, exactly, I told them. You know, it's it's a you know. We're decentralized system. It's gotta have multi sigs. We can't, just. you know, write a check kind of thing. So so they're very understanding. I'm trying to get Reva tonight, since since the blockchain, since her finals are over. Hopefully, she can dev update with me. We'll see how that goes. But remember, next week is Bullish stumbling. So that'll be fun. The week after that's bullish stumbling.

Cannon: mining pool. Not a lot I don't know the look this week. it's probably close to a hundred percent. But I don't have the actual like lock data to verify that, but just based on how many blocks we hit every day it seemed to be about. It might be a little short but it's close to 100% And from what I've experienced, if you're mining to the pool. you will get bonus tokens and that more than makes up for any. You know, if it's 105% like it was the week before. That more than makes up that 5% that you're losing. So yeah, if you guys are out there and people want to know where to buy, let them know.

qx(): Cheese was working on mining core the other day, was helping out with a config. So that means that he's still pressing on. So that's positive news. for for to hear that from him so that was good. And speaking of mining as well can, and me mark are working on some form of ergo hack at least, and some sort of offering for for mining. It's going to be fairly neat. We're trying to figure out how to really decentralize kind of your preferences via smart contract and token and nfts. So let's say you want you want to be paid out in Btc. R Rs Btc. Rosa, Btc. Or Rosa F. You send a certain nft to a smart contract in it, knows that you sent it. It has proof that you sent it, and then it pays you out in that. So that requires kind of a rewrite of the payment system. Customization on my end, and mining core, as well as that very simple smart contract that lets people who put nfts in it take them out, and only take out their nfts. So that smart contract is written. Actually, I'm just trying to test it with Fleet SDK and fleet sdks new for me. So that's taking a moment in time. But that'll be neat once it's done, and then hopefully, Mark will take over the front end there and interact with the parameters there and then I'll work on mining coin the back end so my thought is, my thought. Is that not use swap? But essentially we'll have treasury wallets or banking wallets for for for mining core one will be ergs. One will be rosen, Ptc, one will be Rose and Ada. I mean to be neat. You can mine ergo, and get Rosean Ada and rose in ethereum so we'll have different wallets, and we'll top them off with a buffer, and then if they go too low, we'll do that, or I can write a script if we know how many payouts are going to kind of write a script to do a swap for me from erg and dump it into the the other wallet. So so I think it's possible on that back end that that well, that will be a little decentralized until we can figure out some sort of trustless crop swap. But I think it's enough to show a working product in ergo hack as well as offer something cool in our pool. So stay tuned for that.

Cannon: Yeah. yeah, that'll be interesting for sure. I left this marketing firms up. kud's out. He's pretty busy right now. I know Austin's been hair on fire likely as well. And then I pulled in Paul and Mick but we have not reached out to any of the marketing firms yet. So if anybody has any bandwidth and wants to jump in, be happy to add you into the group, chat and start reaching out to some of these marketing firms, but we're everybody's a little busy in our life right now, has haven't made like progress, but still on the list, for sure. Now the thing I took off that was next was the market maker. Update. we have separate. Our market maker has, with anesthesia from foundation set up sub trading accounts. If you want to call that a volume account so that we can track the volume that they're generating slow sort of bill the volume that we're can sort of create a little bit. There's some targets, but right now with it. Price being depressed where it's at the volume is, gonna be a little lower. But anyway, that's where the update the 6 right now. But the Mexy integration went. Well, I think we already talked on that last week. But yeah, the the goals when we were, you know, looking at this and bringing this to you guys, was, you know, sort of targeting and tier. One listing which obviously requires volumes. Period. So we're, you know, exploring avenues to create volume. Hello. sort of augment volume. So that more organic volume occurs. And you know, listings and that kind of thing. There's some chatter this morning on what? What we might be able to do as far as additional listings. think there's gonna be some back and forth on that. Think one of the bigger things is possibly the and Avm Dexes, and and how to approach that if anybody has experience with that from other chains, that'd be great, or other projects on just getting those on there, etc. Honestly, I think we've ran into quite a few road bumps, even just getting Rs on the the adjacent dexes, or, you know various liquidity options that are in Cardano. It's been a lot slower than I thought, you know. It would be. Definitely need a plan. you know that kind of thing. So in, anyway, I I'd be open to other people talking about that or comments on that. But yeah, just trying to figure out some of the I don't I? I feel like we're not very few months away from Bvm. On Rosa. and maybe it's longer than that. But now that the audits done, I think that was sort of maybe they might been taking their foot off the gas while they're building out. you know, to make sure they didn't have to rebuild a bunch of components. I don't know.

qx(): Next up, hackathon.

Cannon: Yeah. Who is everybody that'd be great. Yeah, that'd be great.

qx(): Yeah. So I I pinged Riva today and a and told her about the hackathon, told her that what the prize is told her what, said Usd. Is. you know I don't want them to think that they're gonna be rewarded in a token that they can't, you know, see value in and the details, and asked her about what's it called about sending this to a Cs list, cause she's a Cs student. And spread that out there. You know, it's great timing cause graduation is this weekend coming? And where is ergo, hack? Ergo, hack starts on. I'm looking at the website. I don't see it right? I thought, Mark, when's there? Go hack, start.

Mark Glasgow: Hey? So no one here's on the. It's on the agenda midway fifth.

qx(): May 20. Fourth. okay, okay, so that's 2 days before graduation, which is, should be fine. So I think it's a timing is pretty good right there for a bunch of students to take on it. So I'm hoping for that. And I also reiterated to her what I said in the dev update, which was, you know, we have this tooling. So you don't need to necessarily know Airbus script. you can team up with somebody who does if you need smart contract capabilities. Otherwise you can build something and interact with it with fleet SDK urgh, flea sharp. Those kind of tools from there. So so we'll see what she says hopefully, she'll answer me this afternoon because I also read her about the money that we owe her. So that'll be good. we should do Mark is Angie gonna post anything about arrow hack on the on the main twitter, or should we? Should we take responsibility and cranking that out for the next couple of days.

Mark Glasgow: And it should be positive as well. But again, the more the better. I was gonna ask and Marcel to make up a template, and we could just paste all different projects we're doing there are get involved and their ideas and use that spread out things of that sort of infographics and pictures and stuff. And but yeah, there's already some infographics made up that you could use. I'll just change the text and get some more up made up for the projects themselves, and the ideas.

qx(): Okay, very cool. Alright. that's all I got for that. We'll try to. I think. I think this year I'm gonna try to. I offered to Andy that any projects, you know, cause it's it's nice to. It's nice. Sometimes the air hacks go on, and some of the projects don't really communicate well with with the outside world while they're working. So it'd be nice if we, you know, made sure to focus on that and make sure that we heard from these guys. I think ergo hack 5 that I was in. There was a pretty decent, you know, response as far as people's chats and chatting and them and talking and giving. I think you guys required was 2 weeks. So you guys required a halfway update in video? I mean, can we not require that mark? When you know, we lay out the rules to say, go like, Hey, we require a 5 min video, you know, halfway through this thing to show you progress or that kind of thing in order to be considered for a prize? Or is that too much to ask.

Mark Glasgow: And I think if a week is quite a lot to ask if the Halfway, just after 2 or 3 days, you have to make a video. And I think I think most places can do a video at the end, though, anyway, don't they? Hello.

qx(): Some of them do.

Mark Glasgow: Wonder.

qx(): I had to. I had to really hound the hell out of them last time. So this time I offered right off the bat. Hopefully, it'll be this hopefully be told to them that I'm happy to sit with them and interview them for their final video, you know. Walk them through it. So they just show up, share their screen, be asked about it, and that'll be their final video. For because, you know, some people don't like talking or or making up the script themselves, or that kind of thing so hopefully, that'll maybe soften the blow of. We need to do that. But you know it. We need really, really need at least the top. you know. The finalist. Nice videos that we can broadcast all over the place. But yeah. yeah, Betty, videos definitely help with the judging, too, I found it much easier to judge something when I saw the video of it. When I when I helped out last time.

Mark Glasgow: yeah, definitely.

qx(): Okay, I'll try to be very vocal about that. To the participants. As well. even though I'm participating. But no conference. This here.

Mark Glasgow: Sit down just to try to push a bit more. Let's say.

qx(): Okay. we don't have many teams signed up. Is that is that what we is that still, the thing mark.

Mark Glasgow: And last check. There wasn't many actual that's missed the form, but I know there's more projects than that that actually comes to doing something. And so I think people are just not actually filled in the form. Yet.

qx(): Okay, I told. I told Mg, pi, I told Mg. Pi and Lgd. That they should even though it's very easy to just submit Sigma Lock as well. but they're they're they're doing something on their own, anyway, so I'm sure much greater and more robust. And I may. What's it called? If for those of you that don't know chat, Gpt can write smart contracts in ergo, very well, or or at least simple ones. So I wrote the smart contract with the help of Chat gpt for the the mining smart contract, for like it's very simple. It's whoever puts a token in can take it out, and nobody else can take it out kind of thing except that person. So those kind of things, and the same for I was might do it for Empirical messaging as well to get that started. Maybe a second arrow hack there! That's a fairly smart, simple, smart contract as well, essentially from there. So if if you guys are shy of that kind of stuff, you know, dig in, try try chat. Gbt. you know. Talk to a dev. See if it's fairly accurate, and go from there, if it's simple, I wouldn't do complex stuff there, but it definitely will get your feet wet.

paul will not dm: Might be good for a reference. If we're gonna prove it's actually accurate, or actually works.

Mark Glasgow: Maybe better to use the one on the site that's trained on the documentation this one trained on our wish up as well. But I think that's only hooked up to discord at the moment.

qx(): Is that the one? what's his name? Mg, pi, said the Lgd. Trained a bot in. Ergo script. Is that the one you're talking about, or it's just a new one.

Mark Glasgow: No one I've done is the same. What's on the the oracle platform website?

qx(): Can have.

Mark Glasgow: So just. and you go.

qx(): So you can have it. Write a smart contract an ergoscript.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, I've got 2 bots, another one on the site. It's just a general one trained on the full documentation. But there's another bot, and it's just trained on all the argoscript Pdfs and documentation. So it's not got everything else. So it's a bit more narrow, a bit more accurate.

qx(): How do we talk to that.

Cannon: And.

Mark Glasgow: I can provide a link for it. and it's also under the score. So I can't remember the command to the moment. I think, maybe just react with a question mark and it respond to. I'll pay the actual link for it.

qx(): Awesome, very cool.

paul will not dm: It would post a link to that on ergo, AI.

qx(): Oh, yeah, that'd be great.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, yeah, perfect. Yeah, yeah, I'll do that.

qx(): Thank you.

paul will not dm: Yeah, thank.

qx(): And then there's a really good sandbox for Fleet SDK. As well. and it gives you a real, simple, base thing of connecting your wallet and sending a thousand one or point one erg. So that's what I was. I was modifying that to interact with my smart contract. Not successful yet. But getting there. So those those 2 tools mixed together are fairly fairly straightforward. And I think that's off the that's off your website. Mark the fleet. Sd case, and no, that's off the that's not the fleet. SDK, website. Let me see transaction. I'll find it and paste it if I can during this meeting. but it's somewhere buried in the documentation. It's like you can test it here and you click, and it takes you to a spark something. You know what I'm talking about, Mark.

Mark Glasgow: I don't think so for free. I don't think we've seen it.

qx(): See if I can find it. I'll find it. It's on my other computer. So still in the window. So I'll find it there and paste it in chat as well. Yeah. cool. Alright, that's all I got for that. Keep promoting it, guys, please. You know the tweets, you see when we put them up there. Please do your best to from with that aero hack. I think people are afraid to enter it. Honestly. it's it's got a stigma of being hard, I guess. Maybe.

paul will not dm: There's usually some good competition. I'll I'd like to enter, but I feel like I'll kind of in the pretty amateur range.

qx(): I don't. I? I don't think it matters. Somebody got fourth place with a paper one time or fifth place. She's got fifth place once with his snps paper. or tied for fourth, or something like that. I mean, it's you know, you don't even have to code at that aspect. So.

paul will not dm: Yeah.

qx(): Alright!

paul will not dm: Actually on a on another note. in regards to Padilla it does everyone seem to be able to use it fine, or have they managed to like, stake their sigma naught, token, spine.

qx(): Yeah, I have. The only time I had issues with it is when Rustin murdered the the put in a token manually, and that caused Louise front end or back end to mess up, because I saw a token that it didn't know what to do with, because there was nothing in any of the registers.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, it's confined for me. I think it's probably something in your wallet. maybe a Youtube or something. Let's try.

paul will not dm: Tie in. I've to be honest, and the wallet that I've got my signal not taken on. It's got like about a hundred 50 other tokens.

qx(): There you go!

Mark Glasgow: That might not. That may be it. Yeah, it's probably just one of them. The improper.

Cannon: Yeah.

Mark Glasgow: Just send. Send that fish wallet. or try and figure out what it is to send it to the team to debug cause it's some it'll be some wall of some weird value or something. This thing.

Cannon: But helpful. Yeah, poly, probably. How to echo what they're saying. I know Same thing happened to me with the Doc pools early on and it was the yield tokens from spectrum like do weird, weird shit and wallets like, and no one really knows per se why, I cries wrestled with it for a couple of weeks and figured it out. I actually sent him the yield tokens so that he could like play with it and figure out what was going on. But you almost need to have all that separate wallet from anything. You're gonna try to interact with the other 2 apps here. It seems to bomb out a lot of them. For some reason I'm not really sure what it is other than I've seen it a couple of different times.

paul will not dm: Yeah, fair fair enough I've encountered. I've not really gotten to any technical parts of it, but I've encountered tokens. I've caused issues in my wallet before. Say. interested in anyways. And I'll yeah make a note of that. And yeah, do more things on fresher wallets.

Cannon: where are we at? On the production of tokens? Qx. I know a lot of stuff sort of falls to you. but when it.

qx(): That was, that was the other thing that I that I was talking about, that I couldn't remember. We had to do a transaction for. So that's the third transaction we have to do. Well, I mean the third money we have to take out. So let's talk about that. What do you guys want to do what? What tokens? Let me bring up the Let me bring up the sigma nuts. What's it called.

Cannon: Everyone cross finance. It'll be here while screaming.

qx(): Perfect great. Alright! So we've got Tara Hertz, which is hurting right now. We've got Spf. We've got greasy sex which is hurting I guess Sbf is always pumping down to What do you guys wanna pull? What do you guys wanna start converting any thoughts? Anybody.

paul will not dm: You know, feel free to sell the clown token. And yeah. I could care.

qx(): No way. I'm a clown whale man. That's gonna that's gonna cut my portfolio hard.

Cannon: Yeah, the did it. So Spf is like a double edge sword, right? Like they have the yield farm. But they have the daily cell pressure, basically from the yield farm. Tara Hertz Mike is sort of taking an extended break. He asked me to do a test with him so that people wouldn't be concerned, that he was like Robbie or anything like that. So if you actually go to the Terahertz token. Okay. Burg explorer, which was how to get there.

qx(): It's been a bit of a sell off of that, too, since since February. It's about a let's see how much. And I guess 13% since the beginning of the year.

Cannon: No. It just happened recently.

qx(): Stella.

Cannon: It was a big dump recently.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: I'm not gonna ask you.

qx(): Yeah, 40% in the last month, 46% in the last month. Yup. maybe it's several several several decent size dumps.

Cannon: Yeah. So he, he actually had to sell some himself just to like, get cash. know. for some member of that stuff? so yeah, I cannot.

paul will not dm: Was that captained.

qx(): What's that?

paul will not dm: I him him selling some stuff or some of his token might have caused the cascade of more selling.

qx(): True. I bet I don't.

Cannon: Yeah. And that's why he wanted to put it in the office like Pacific screen. Is it.

qx(): Spf seem to have a little bit of a spike this week, so that seems not terrible. But again we have.

Cannon: Yeah, I think people are still confused. If that's really being used for splash, you know, I mean, if it's just confusing.

paul will not dm: Do you s-.

Cannon: So here I have it up on the screen. Real quick, this this wallet with the 18 million terabits. It's a 2 of 2 signature with me and Mike. So nothing's happening with that. So but yeah, the 30 day change. So that's what I advocate. Don't miss yeah. do anything. It's gonna have a phonics at this point, like, if if selling is, gonna be good thing there or not.

qx(): With Spf, it's about 1,000 1,000 Spf will give us a one. We'll give us a point 9 price impact. which is about 2,000 ergs.

Cannon: Yeah.

paul will not dm: Is it worth staking? The Sbf. So maybe liquidate like a portion of it, and then stake it in the yield farm, and then, consistently, I I guess, dump it. I can't for announced does.

Cannon: I've I've wondered the same. I mean, you'd make like 21% on it. I'm not sure what the way we're set up with the multi sig. I may not see. It'd be like once a week or a month you'd be able to look for day, but it's just a pain in the ass to get everyone signed and do all this stuff.

qx(): Yeah, that's a lot fun.

Cannon: Getting track.

qx(): To especially.

paul will not dm: Well, I was thinking, if you if you guys are gonna consistently liquidate tokens and small amounts, it could be worth stake in the Sbf to? Well, just basically liquidate it during the moments when you're liquidating other things in smaller amounts. So obviously, yeah, you wanna liquidate it in smaller amounts to avoid. Yeah. causing too much of a price impact.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, that was the idea that I said in the vote. I think I tried to give us as much freedom as possible, so that we, we take the number that it would take to make a 1% price impact. And then we had the discretion to split it up over, you know, a week or 2 weeks, or or whatever, or even the whole month kind of thing, slowly. But people are. Gonna see that, too, that are watching. They're gonna be like, oh, why is the same wallet selling, you know, 10,000 spf every single day for the next 10 days? Kind of thing. So it's I think it's really hard to. It's, you know, that's better than just dumping 100,000. But it's I don't think it's not gonna be noticed. That's for sure.

paul will not dm: I will be noticed, no, no doubt. But, you guys, you guys are probably, or we're gonna be regularly liquidating things either way, aren't we? So.

qx(): So what do you guys want to take? You want to? I mean. we vote we voted on. And people seemed people wanted to do it, and that's why it was brought up. So I mean, it's our responsibility to execute this. you want to take spf greasy sex terahertz the top 3 right there and spread out the 1% price impact over 10 days. See how that goes this month.

Mark Glasgow: I think that sounds not bad. You could even

paul will not dm: Yeah.

Mark Glasgow: I don't know who that ones have decent security pools, but you could stop with it so much. Lp. the voicemail probably got lost a little bit. There, I suppose.

qx(): The the the what the script to convert it.

Mark Glasgow: Let me just, general, you could put a position in sec. Usd. But keep it in the Admin pills on my spectrum are new to me. Most of them wouldn't look pretty a bit pretty well, Scott, I'm probably lost to worry about in that situation. I suppose.

qx(): Yeah. I thought that what's on our wasn't our deal, that we are going to convert the ciguracy and throw it in duck pools. stick.

Mark Glasgow: Very quick as an example for the yeah, that works fine.

qx(): Yeah, I think that was the vote that we put on. I think that's probably it might be less yield. But well, maybe it's not. What do we 60 yield and duct pools? What's the daily duct pools today? I I can.

Cannon: You don't get shit till people repay which. There's a big tranche happening like last week. And this week, because we're.

qx(): Okay.

Cannon: To the 90 days. so yeah, there's been a lot of activity. But

qx(): But this is.

Cannon: To.

qx(): And we.

Cannon: It's a longer game. Yeah. You want to put it in and leave it for 90 days or so. You don't wanna put it in and think you're being paid interest every day.

qx(): Alright. So that let me do the math for you guys right now. So that's 21 that's 2,100 ergs from Spf. that's about a hundred 15 ergs from greasy sex. and that is So we're about 2,200 ergs. and then we are about 130 ergs from Thc, 1% sell off. So we're about 2,300 earns.

paul will not dm: There's about 90 ergs. There's about 90 hergs of comet as well.

qx(): In total. Oh, we can do comma 2. Okay, so add 90 Hergs there. Wait. No, that's 2 million. No, but remember, we only sell. Oh, I guess we can sell it all right. That's right.

paul will not dm: Yeah, well, you can sell it half you if you wanna be less impactful. But to be millions, not that bad.

qx(): No, that shouldn't. Let's see what that price impacts right there. yeah. So about 1.5 million that'll get us 60 or exist. So we're looking at about 2,900 Us dollars in total guys from selling from doing 1% price impact of those whole things and spread out over a couple of days. It shouldn't be that bad. I can also time some of the what's it called. and so we can like the like the comet in the greasy sex. We can utilize our sigma mining pool buyout on the month. So instead of buying on the decks greasy sex or comet. I can just take them from the money that from the Treasury that we were gonna sell, and then it never hits the deck, so it doesn't affect the price at all for those 2, so I'll write all that down and let you know what that exchange will be. I think this this we haven't done comet. So we've got comma boober ergon, greasy sex as the tokens that we will buy and can buy for mining pool that the vote was on. So so yeah, so that should help out there alright. So about 3 grand, almost in us dollars at the current price. We can throw right into duck pools and start earning 65% apy and exciting.

paul will not dm: There's a lot of random tokens actually, and mixed amounts there's on. I'd I'd probably put forward that maybe even just to like help clean up the treasury, you could probably liquidate liquidate any token that's got out, you know, that's worth over an urgent. That's gonna be a good idea.

qx(): We could. Well, yeah, what's a we don't have a policy for that, though. you know it's gonna take. It's gonna take a shit ton of our time just to What's it called to to parse those out of 1% like, let's see.

Cannon: What love it's gonna be.

qx(): love would be for 1% price impact would be about 75 love. So point 3 erg maybe we make a policy that says anything with low liquidity that enters our our thing just gets dumped to a giveaway wallet essentially, and then we give them away. Use them for giveaway prizes, or something like that.

paul will not dm: Yeah, yeah. Sounds good. Actually, you could use use that as part of the mining pool, or just any other kind of way of.

qx(): And yeah, like.

paul will not dm: But war.

qx(): Super wallets and that kind of thing. Okay. let's let me write a let me write a thing for that. So anything that has a meager. a liquidity pool. Maybe we can do a threshold. there, that that we could do that with. Okay, that makes sense. And we don't have to worry about them. There.

paul will not dm: Because there's a few sorts of tokens with, yeah, diff different scales of liquidity. But you got like you got 28 got 23 auction coin.

qx(): We've got 200. This guy fucks.

paul will not dm: Yeah, yeah, I have no idea what the liquidity is on that. I'm guessing nothing.

qx(): Somebody put a hundred 1 billion Bbcs in our wallet. Was that you, Paul?

paul will not dm: But my my mild.

Cannon: Configuratively.

qx(): We'll remove that, too, along with the other ones, and pro probably just burn it or give it to.

paul will not dm: Barrier. Where are you?

qx(): Rare. One's got the other 100 billion.

paul will not dm: Yeah, that's that's probably the best place or the best time for that.

Cannon: We get the we get the Rs husky. We got Meta.

qx(): I would credit.

Cannon: How about the Austin.

qx(): Gave them.

Cannon: Hey? So I'm not even joking. I would honestly love to have Meta as one of the bonus tokens for the mining pool. I think it would just be.

qx(): Stop. No, we can't. Team.

Cannon: I'm dead serious. I think it'd be hilarious.

qx(): I'll send it to you, and you can manually distribute it. Can it.

Cannon: I don't know how to do that. I'm not fancy.

qx(): I mean manually like, just send it every couple of hours just randomly.

Cannon: Yeah, no? Well, now that I have this advanced script bought from Alaska, one might be dangerous here.

qx(): There you go. Yeah. Yup guys. So it's still on my radar, too. I didn't forget with rustin's help. Hopefully, maybe we can get rusten on it if he's listening to start up a repository to really get those safe coin lists that we can show the wallets that hey? We have a community list of, you know, ratings of tokens, and you know those kind of things and legitimacy of tokens like, if the owner is docs or the owner is known essentially, you know, cause he's so, not even if they're docs. But if we know that, hey, this person that's this user on telegram made this token. We can put that in the Md document. And then once we have that established and it's shown that we can update it. Then hopefully, Captain Nemo's team and Mhs. Sam's team. Can say, Hey, we're gonna use this pull and put a little interface checkbox over our wallet so people can hide shit. They don't wanna see or have an automatic grading system. So this wallets for a kid or this wallets for my wife or that kind of thing. So that's that's on my list. I won't forget that. That's fairly important, I think. especially since I've got to write a script now to pull out. I think Bober had some time release time specific nft, and the paper wallets that we made, and that's BBC and the paper wallets, I believe so. I have to write a script to pull those out all 100 wallets. So I definitely won't forget to make this Github Repository hopefully, Rustin will spearhead that as well. He likes to make Md. Files. But I think that's it's something easy on our part, guys, you know, just to provide this github that's community sourced and it's up to the wallets. Then, to implement it or not.

paul will not dm: Yeah, I'm I'm really sorry for doing the air drop. I was not thinking and being a bit of an idiot for doing that I got given a shit by, I think alien. I'm very sure it was him.

qx(): Yeah. You think he made it?

paul will not dm: No idea. But he has a loaded. How are you coming? Sounding? Yeah. Sounds like a bunch of people have a load of it, though.

qx(): You mean alien or alien? 6, 1, 3, or 6, 9, 3.

paul will not dm: Like the one.

qx(): Alien minor.

paul will not dm: The Ali, the guy from the alien channel.

qx(): Yeah, that's that's Craig. Yeah. I think his name's Craig. Yeah, yeah, that doesn't surprise me. That's for sure. Huh?

paul will not dm: I said.

qx(): He hanged.

paul will not dm: Not only.

qx(): Hangs out in the AI Channel or not. That's where he built those nfts, I believe.

paul will not dm: yeah.

Cannon: What's up the.

qx(): Yeah. So I think I think that's very painless on our part. Guys. You know, it doesn't take many people to populate that list. You know we can format a kind of like louis formats his tipper bot with pipes, and the Md. File, you know, like the token id with then a pipe name of token, pipe, or name of token, pipe, token, id pipe, rating pipe Creator, pipe, NSFW tag, pipe, or extreme raunchy pipe. You know that kind of thing. So we can have columns essentially, and then they can just read it from there. yeah. So I think that'll be good, helpful to the community. Great.

paul will not dm: Now, I think I think having a list of categories or tags for tokens could be could be useful as well. However, that's going to be maintained.

qx(): Oh, yeah, like, where it's used like, this is used in cyberverse game or use case, that kind of thing. Yeah, yeah.

paul will not dm: Yeah, just yeah, even if it's not that descriptive. Just this is a utility token as such. And the main token. Or this is a meet, just a meme token, and this is.

qx(): Or a skin. You know, we can.

paul will not dm: Yeah.

qx(): Scam right there. Yep!

paul will not dm: Yeah. Scam. Pretty pretty much. Yeah.

qx(): Yep.

paul will not dm: As well.

qx(): But we can put that on the net a token.

paul will not dm: Yes. a scam and a meme, I guess at this point it would probably be.

Cannon: That's what I I'd rather turn it back into a name, man. It's just about one of those little angels, for like to an herb. I think the other day I think it probably cost me more to actually do it than actually what got sent to the person who got bought it from on Sky Harbor.

qx(): That's that's probably Frosty selling them all, man. I don't think he had me. I think they were all distributed from when I was scraping the when I was scraping the blockchain to give mining rewards. I'm pretty sure there were very few still ends, the same addresses. Well, no. there were quite a few. Actually, I I think I still have that script somewhere that scrapes it.

Cannon: So so a couple of things we were. We were talking back about. You were making a list, and then you had it, and I don't think I have the link on here. I think it's been deleted, but you were creating a list of sort of like what we thought was important infrastructure, whatever you want to call it. I was calling infrastructure, but you know important things right for the ecosystem.

qx(): Yeah, it needs a little more. It leads a little more work. People need to put a little more I think, only like 3 or 4 of us have worked on it, and it's a lot more.

Cannon: But the link in here, though, and.

qx(): Justin, Justin.

Cannon: Agenda. Okay.

qx(): Yup, yeah, I put it in the I put it in chat. If you want to copy it to the agenda.

Cannon: Yeah, will.

qx(): But it needs a couple of more eyes, guys. It can't just be, you know, myself. And Mark.

Cannon: Q. And a.

qx(): And I think aco also added some. When it something really pissed him off, he added something. Oh, yeah, it was the it was the it was that the Api endpoint returns doesn't exclude transactions that are in the Mem pool or something. So it's you can't use like one endpoint, one command to to determine what's what's in the mem pool? Kind of thing. So so he was pissed about that. Yeah. yeah. So if you guys could please help out on that, that'd be that'd be ideal and leading off of that guys, sky Harbor has put up their raffle.

Cannon: And that was.

qx(): Part of the that was part of idea, right? Our idea was that we would look at We would look at these things in need and perhaps sink money to them. And I think Sky Harbor Sky Harbor's idea when I was talking to Quaker, was that, hey? You know we don't wanna necessarily wait or rely on you, you know it's kind of thing not not in a bad way. But let's let me. Let's try to do this with our own raffle kind of thing and go from there. And I said, Great go for it. If the Sigs can vote on this, and perhaps we can vote to fund some of the raffle. So there's they did a raffle for 16 more days. So we have time to to continue this document that I just posted in chat, and if we can register Sky Harbor as being like, you know, one of the top needs in here. Then I don't see why we can't donate a big chunk to Sky Harbor here, and then as well, maybe make some plans to try to. I mean, this is another opportunity for us guys. If we make a Ui for Sky Harbor, and we pay to make a Ui for Sky Harbor, there can be. You know. That's a revenue model. If we have a ui fee coming off the top of that for utilizing, even if it's small, you know, I think once once that becomes big, that's a lot of stuff racking up and adding, That's a possible revenue source that if we spend money on now that we'll bring in the future. So yeah. and if you look at the raffle, there's a primitive version. for the Open source code front end, which is slow as fuck croak, I said, that's not ideal. Someone would have to use that. And then there's a production ready version that uses graph Ql. And our Api. But I think, he said, that is something that was a little rough around the edges that he needs to work on. But that's the idea. Yeah, essentially, they're giving us. They're giving the world their smart contracts, opening up the front end that we can then modify. And then we go from there. So yeah. Austin. Yes, yes, yes, Austin.

AM / MB: Bye. I think I think that's I think that we should absolutely look into funding that and working on that. I think that's a really great way to position our liquidation of project tokens that are donated, and say that we're gonna use those to put into a budget to fund things like this. So just putting them straight into making other projects or any projects better in the ecosystem, then maybe people are not as if they, you know, like we said, people are gonna be watching people, you know, the waltz liquidate Sbf, or whatever they know that it's not just going to, you know that's sitting a treasury that we're actually gonna budget and use it to build the ecosystem bigger.

qx(): Good thinking, sir. You mean. Use all of it directly, or use like the.

AM / MB: Well, I mean, like you said 2,900. You know, you could put the proposal up like we're gonna make 2,900 earned by our 1% liquidations this month. And you know, we're gonna fund the Sky Harbor thing and then put it towards building a new ui! It's like, you know, you're coming out with showing like immediately what the positives of that liquidation are going to be used for right. and people are called great. Let's do it.

qx(): Gotcha. We're out after that, though, too. So we only have 60 K. Spf. Left after this liquidation. So like only another 1,500 ergs with spf, that'll be it. We got 100. We got 160,000, which was worth 10,000 back when we got it. Now it's worth 3,500.

AM / MB: Yikes. Well, I mean you're trading that for a new sky harbor, ui, and then right? So I think that's a good, I mean for me. That's a great deal to do, and then in that we should also look at. Maybe if we can coordinate the launch of the new ui new ui, with maybe some external nft influencer artists that would maybe bring hype we can look at funding that. I know. Gcx, we have about 4,000 erg that are in our treasury from the gift launch that are open to being voted on to use in an ergo initiative to bring adoption, so that could be something we could vote on and help with to getting, you know, trying to help a influence and influencer to come on board. You know what I'm saying.

qx(): That's awesome.

AM / MB: Stuff like that.

qx(): Not very. That's not very greasy, Austin.

AM / MB: It's pretty greasy. I mean, I'm not. Gonna I'm not saying 4,000 herbs, but I mean, if they you know, it's like, Hey, we'll give you like 500 ergs to make sure that you'd have your costs covered to to build it on, ergo, or something, you know.

qx(): Alright. So 2 things need to be done. The first thing is that we need help finishing up this document by the people in here as well as people in Sigs. So once that cause we need, you know, cause Skyhar, honestly, might not be the biggest pain point. There may be other pain points that are bigger. And we won't know that until we have a collective finish up that document. But then, once that's done. If Sky Harbor is one of the bigger ones, and up top, then we can put in a vote to redirect those liquidated tokens that I'll do this week to to them, essentially to the auction cool. Great idea, Austin.

AM / MB: Thank you.

Cannon: So real quick. I pulled up this document. so it's on the screen. so yes, like, I said, before we started recording for a lot of people got here. I was on cyberverse earlier this morning. Just ask people cause that's been bringing on a lot of different people that we're not in our building original, like Oj's in that project like I was never into a full month or 2 ago. I'll just ask people like. What are the pain points that would, you know, if you could fix one thing in our go? What would you change? And if Cisco can pipe up a little bit with some of the folks that we're commenting, I mean, just to help me remember. But nft marketplace was like everyone sort of. They were all giggling like, yeah, it'd be great if marketplace worked, which again, Sky Harbor. Hopefully, this would be getting towards that direction. And then walls was a big big one that people mentioned. which is on here as well. And then there was a couple different. Think Sis had mentioned. I'm not gonna remember the the name of the project, but it's like a data.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah, and.

Cannon: 6 or something for? Okay?

Sisyphuspush: I think some of it, you know. I mean the the crowd is certainly nfty centric, but you know all of them come from a lot of them come from different ecosystems and and have, you know, comparables to bring into our ecosystem. So certainly in a team marketplace was up there. You know, I think auction households just as many opportunities, if not more than Sky Harbor, but you know both of them are lacking, you know, from a entry point, you know, viewpoint. You know, wallets, you know, which is, I see on the list as well. You know, image storage solutions. And then data. you know, is a big thing in the Nft crowd and just overall. So I had mentioned Azeros earlier on, because, you know, I remember that was a project I was really excited about just having that the blockchain data easily accessible cause. When I recently had just did my own research for the ergo pixels collection from back in 2,021. That holds less than 215 nfts, and it took me and and granted, I'm a I'm a novice at at gaining this data, but it took me several days to get all the data I needed to be able to, you know, put something together to get a a full picture of that project. So anyone coming into the Nft market might not have that type of time or dedication to really put into research, or what they're looking into, especially if they're used to having it at their fingertips. So just having easy, easily accessible data points, is is a big one, too.

Cannon: What I liked about that in my head was that seems like a natural extension of the org explore. Or maybe not. I'm not a deaf. Maybe it's a whole reboot. You gotta get more base layer stuff, but it seems like echo of Hq. Are sort of on that kind of stuff a lot. you know, as far as pulling, pulling data, apple as well, right? Like just data scraping. And you know, if if more of that was available. I think more people would use it. so.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah. And and yeah, we have, you know, one main decks we have, you know, crooks that just came up recently, and and you know. And and so you know, just having limitations on. You know where you can get tokens and the liquidity of certain pulls. You know, it's it's a nascent ecosystem, and people are coming in from much more mature ecosystems and having different sets of expectations. But you know those are the main pain points that I've seen just from people onboarding in that community.

paul will not dm: Should it be somewhat formal? Advertise that anyone can just run their own spectrum interface? Because I well, I I'm kind of thinking as well, if there was any incentive for it. someone could just build a wallet with a spectrum interface added into it. So there's no real, no real point to actually go on to or use the official spectrum interface. And that's that's basically all. What crooks is is just Hq and Aco, or or just Hq or running their own interface that anyone could access on a website.

Cannon: Yeah, no, it's fine lot of this stuff is above my pay grade developer. But what's the everything was in fragmented advanic, and it's decentralized. But there's never. It always seems like, you know, this wallet works with this site. and it doesn't work with that one. So now I gotta put shit over into this other, you know. I gotta send it over to novelist or oh, I can't do that here. I gotta send it back over to my like. It's just a pain in the ass, like honestly like, it's not a good. If you came over to play side reverse, she can use novelist. You sort of have to, because it's web-based, right? So like you have to. You know, it's gonna be in a web browser to access the game. But I don't know but it just if we're gonna look at wallets, I mean, my thing is, how do you? How do you make interacting with them in the existing ecosystem any better at this right now. 6 sucks so many times you have to use a different wallet it feels like. And that was something I was thinking about doing, for ergo, hack is just what are all the wallet options? I've seen it 50 million times, but I've never seen a good document or infographic. That shows you which one what they're good for. Why. best practices interview Hq. Paul Austin, interview 50 people, see how they use them and come up with sort of the best best practices to give people. Because some of you guys got some really cool ways of interacting with toll wallets that 99% of people don't even know how to do. And it's not hard. It's just education about how to use our wallets. Cause that's what man.

paul will not dm: That's what I find as well.

Cannon: It wasn't pushed from the top down, which is great, but that's also never lost sword. Lovely to May.

paul will not dm: Well, education is is the key. But also it's kind of hard to to bring people in that way unless they're actually looking or interested. Yeah. it's not. It's not set up that way. But you. the spectrum interface. Someone could probably compile it into just a execute executable file. which yeah, it would still be. It would still be linked to spectrum's wallet that way. But that would be a way to for well, any laymen to just run it. Who doesn't know kind of the basics of just install it. And setting up a was a night that's probably a little not very important, really, to think about, but I know.

Cannon: Throwing it out there, and I'm sort of.

qx(): Yeah, don't. Don't forget we're getting.

Cannon: Shaking hands at the sun, but it's just.

qx(): Don't don't forget we're getting nautilus team is probably going to start working faster on their improvements, since they're either done or mostly done with the Google Pane, the S rewrite that they had to do for Google. And then we have Mhs's team really working on Minotaur. So you know there's 2. It's not like wallets are dead, as far as you know. Ergo, Mobile is. But you could see Minotaur is already mobile on both iphone and an android iphone. You have to compile it yourself and push it there. Android you just have to side load it. But it's it's in the pipeline. So so I would say that if there are some pain points, you know that people are that are feel passioned about, I am sure the team would be up for suggestions and reminders in their discords. Like, hey? When you when you're working on the new build, you know this would be ideal, that kind of thing. Make yourselves heard, make yourselves known.

paul will not dm: As far as what, as far as I know, most people were gonna be, of course, using nautilus. And it's essentially the only Dapp Connector wallet there is safe. W. But that's more of a like dev and test wallet. and I'm not sure if that actually even works on the decks.

qx(): It doesn't.

paul will not dm: Spectrum there, I guess there is a depth connector for it. But then, yeah, it's only really usable and depth purposes. Then I guess I've not really used it that much. So I've used it a couple of times, but didn't really. Yeah. Get much out of out of using it. Anyways.

qx(): There is I'm gonna write Gaza right now, because Every time I go to the decks I'm popping up with a user new splash interface. They need to kill that if we're going in from the ergo side. because there's no splash interface for ergo. let me write him right now.

paul will not dm: Well when it switches over to ergo decks, it should just be bully its own thing, anyways, and without or completely separate to Kadano, unless they keep the interfaces linked but still rebranded.

qx(): Ergodex is up. Now you guys can use it. There you go. I put it in chat so you can just bookmark that and use that instead of spectrum.

Cannon: Didn't even know. Yep.

paul will not dm: Same here.

Cannon: I feel a.

paul will not dm: And.

Cannon: Kit. It it sounds like you're in the know. Is there? Like the Spf token? They were real.

qx(): That's that.

Cannon: Out that we're doing on this.

qx(): My understanding is, that's that's for the the spectrum network. Somehow.

Cannon: I understand that, but is spectrum. Is ergodex now not part of spectrum. And now that's just an Ada token, but it's on, ergo, like. I don't. It makes no sense, and they want to answer questions without saying we've already answered it so.

qx(): Spectrum spectrum is the the network over top of everything, and will be powered by the spectrum token. I believe splash is the decks, for the decks, interface and decks for Cardano only and we'll have its own splash token, ergo, decks has no token 0 tokens, no tokens. So I guess that's a that's part of the big difference between those ones.

paul will not dm: But it kind of has Sbf.

qx(): Well, I I imagine Spf will be used for for gas, for using the spectrum network when you want to transfer.

paul will not dm: Okay.

qx(): I mean networks.

paul will not dm: But they are also the off chain. Bots can be paid in Sbf for yeah.

qx(): Can't you do transaction fees in Spf or no? Was that.

paul will not dm: Yeah. Yeah. Back.

qx(): Imagine.

paul will not dm: That. That's what you can do if you're running off chain bots for spectrum, or I'm guessing still, ergode decks when it switches to that at least at the moment, on spectrum. You can pay the opportunity. Inbox in Sbf.

qx(): Execution fees, and Sbf. Yep.

paul will not dm: Yeah.

Cannon: Yeah, that's what I'm looking at right now. Okay.

qx(): Yeah. So I think it's gonna continue to think of Sbsf as a gas token for the spectrum network when that's up is Spf, not on Cardano at all.

paul will not dm: Yeah, it's on. Sbf is on Cadano. It's also it's also something that can be used to pay the off chain bots for the spectrum decks as well.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, I see it now. It's on. Yeah. Yeah. So they're not. Gonna yeah.

paul will not dm: The whole rebrand and splash bing is.

qx(): It's it was confusing.

paul will not dm: Is is, I do kind of get a lot of it, but just how it's communicated, and then also just the just general utilities of them both are very blurry.

qx(): Yeah, I think they're so far away from the splash network. I mean sorry the Sps, the spectrum network that perhaps they don't want to. You know, Bounce, that around that there's this Spf token. That's a long ways away from seeing any frutation, perhaps. And maybe that's what they're worried about. because otherwise people would dump it now and just buy it in a year or 2 whenever they start getting the spectrum network work done after they're done with splash. And my, I wonder? I mean. yeah, I mean, spectrum spectrum networks. Gonna allow for direct swaps right over the network over the chains. So it's it's a different use case than Rose and Bridge, where you have a wrap token. you know, with spectrum network. I should be able to go to the decks. See that there's 80, and I pulled Ada and my pull down and go right from erg to Ada. and in the back end it'll go. It'll my my erg will hit a swap, it'll swap for a token that's on a kind of a side chain, the spectrum network. Then that'll come back out the other side onto the Ada side, and then I get aid in my wallet as far as that goes. So it's got. If we got. If you guys were early on and milk a media network, it's very, very similar. And that kind of invisible site chain that has value that does everything for you. for those swaps.

Cannon: Zoo! But.

paul will not dm: In some ways.

Cannon: Thinner.

paul will not dm: I used to.

Cannon: Course, that's the thing I've never understood.

paul will not dm: I don't know. Spectrum is, of course, open to us.

Cannon: Yeah, I'm talking about Splash. Cause to me it sounds like they're just building what what flux has, where they're just swapping stuff in the background. You're paying a fee.

paul will not dm: Alright to me, like spectrum, is all the infrastructure they need, and they can just still kind of where they can just keep the decks built off of there. Splash! Splash is the thing that's confusing for me, cause I just have no idea what that is for.

qx(): That's their tech for Cardano.

paul will not dm: Yeah, yeah, but they already have spectrum there with a working deck.

qx(): Yeah, but it's not quite Not quite good enough, from what I understand, for to be apart from the competition, splash offers some sort of advanced thing that.

paul will not dm: Don't have anybody.

qx(): Is, the.

paul will not dm: Process is is a different implementation, with a advantage.

qx(): Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yup, yup. yeah, I I got. I got God's to talk a little bit about it on one of the dev updates the last one he was on. I can't remember which one he's got. He. He reveals a little bit about that kind of stuff on that if you want to take a peek at that. Oh, guys, we're 20 min over anything else.

Cannon: Yeah, I was gonna real quick. Glasco you guys probably saw in the chat, but he said he, ergo, hack promotion guide put a link. I'll put that in our document working on some graphics and then they got the Facebook made a business suite setup and it said, it looks like some posts. We're getting decent views on Instagram. But Facebook's dead. Oh. so anyway. yeah. that that's his update that we didn't ask him for while we had him here it was cool to learn, though, that there's a chat, jpt bot for building smart contracts and nice to know.

qx(): I just tested out. It gave me a little bit different smart contract than Chat Gpt did on its own but it looks functional. So it's good.

Cannon: Pretty cool. Hmm. hey, Austin? What's if you're still around? What's the update on Gif like, how's the how's that going? Is there? Let's what's the update there? I was just curious, more than anything, because that's a pretty high profile.

AM / MB: Right? Well, I mean it's going. Well, I I suppose people are using. People are staking, I think the I mean the next steps, I guess. Well, we're we're gonna I'm gonna work on with Mitch. not from not from Blitz, the other mitch. but work on our website. I just think that if we're going to be presentable, especially in cases like we're evo, we just need to have a better presentation and website and better explanation of our project as a whole is Gcx. I think that's think there's a little bit of that gets convoluted even within the community where they don't necessarily realize that Tcx has a a purpose to supporting adoption. And and there's there's a real like. There's a real initiative behind the scenes that's we're supposed to be focusing on as a community as well. So I wanna I'm gonna probably work on revamping the website to where it's Gcx facing and then has past projects section where it really kind of shows, like what we've done in the past, what those projects have done within the ecosystem, and then what they've funded. and then, as well as having kind of a separate highlight page for Gif, and explains everything for gift that can be. People can be directed to like more of like a gift website that's within Gcx. To help. I guess. Solidify that as like a a you know what the purpose of it is as a mean coin, for, ergo, you know, it is a it is a mean coin so it lives in that realm, but there's a bigger purpose for it than other than just like bump and dump. It's something that it's supposed to be able to when we get the Evm bridge and Ethereum Bridge to be able to kind of use as an advertising tool to show those communities that might work and live more in D genfi areas that it's possible to do that on. Ergo, and we can do that immediately by being like, hey, here's this project that's doing this. And not only. you know, maybe benefit the people that are participating in gift, but also show all those other meme coins that oh, shit! I should be doing this on ergo, where it's much cheaper, much more secure. And you know. So just kind of think I need. I'm gonna work on, I guess, presenting the initiatives better in that way. That's kind of that's kind of my immediate focus at the time with it. Better better documentation and education of it. Is that what you're looking for.

Cannon: Yeah, no, I was just yeah. I mean, just curious in general, man, I appreciate it wasn't sure.

AM / MB: I

Cannon: Popped off a couple of weeks ago, you know, and.

AM / MB: Yeah.

Cannon: Last week, so I just didn't know what the update was.

AM / MB: Well. couple of weeks we have the final air drop. We have then we well, I mean we do. The monthly air drops with the participation of tease. We're in the process of building a some sort of event with Ergon. I've talked to talk to them about that pretty extensively where we have the concept and everything there, and we're just kind of deciding what the final how we integrate there. But their project, I guess the Po, C. OP. Stuff and things like that. So that's something that's going on right now as far as just like gift marketing and initiative like within it And then I did reach out to cyberverse to see. I had an idea to do something with cyberverse, but they are just really stacked with their. I guess they're doing a lot of Cardano partnerships at this time, so they really can't allocate any time to working on something else until that's all finished. So.

Cannon: Anybody anything else. I think we're all dropping off alright. Thanks so much. See? You guys.

paul will not dm: Yeah, see, you guys.

Sisyphuspush: Vile. Mike.

Cannon: Thanks, Austin, bye.
