+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: June 2, 2024'
date = '2024-06-02T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

qx(): There we go. That's for rustin. Okay. anybody have an agenda cause. I have been doing no agenda.

Cannon: Yeah, I'm I'm typing up stuff right now on the regular sheet that we do.

qx(): Let's start off with

Sisyphuspush: Your weekly praise of rust and thanks rust for doing everything.

qx(): Yes, I forgot to say that Rustin's amazing. Thank you, Rustin. let me go to the Paideia vote and just explain it for the recording and explain it. For you guys hang on one sec. Boom. Okay, so that looks like somebody made a dow. Okay, so we have update both thresholds. So all this is so, the issue is right. We went to Paideia and just kind of adopted whatever vote thresholds I had as a default cause our vote. Parameters weren't really fitting well with or I guess so it's easier. Nobody thought of it. So the thought is that we should probably level that out and then go to a new voting method or a new threshold. And the issue here is. and Paideia in the old vote system. If people voted no anybody. One person voted. No, they went to a in person meeting quorum to do it. Then that takes it off chain, and that's probably not a good idea if we're relying on. you know, Paideia, to do this stuff for us. So I guess the thing is, if one person votes no, then the whole thing fails. What is? What are people's thoughts on that.

Cannon: That's stupid!

qx(): That can mean one person that's an asshole can just hold up every project, but they have a Sig token.

Cannon: Yeah, that's stupid.

qx(): And that's I think that's very risky, especially if we have like a bunch of funds in the Treasury. There.

Cannon: Yeah, Derek, and.

qx(): They could essentially say, I'm gonna vote no on everything you do. Unless you give me 10% of the treasury. you know. Then you're still held. You're still held hostage by them.

Sisyphuspush: Is voting anonymous on Paideia?

Cannon: Yes, unless you give yourself a username. I mean Q. Hq. Probably can figure out who you are, cause he has, like the black list but the Black Book. But yeah, he or Echo probably know, but no one else will.

Sisyphuspush: I remember in the past like before the Padea. If there was like a no vote or something, it could be changed with further discussion. Is there any feature like that in the data.

qx(): No.

Sisyphuspush: Oof.

qx(): So that's a difference. Yeah. So if there's a no vote. then and Paddy, I guess there could be a discussion. and then you could just put up another vote.

Cannon: So I guess what I understand. So currently. there can be no votes right? Like I've seen a few.

qx(): Correct.

Cannon: Whether it be someone testing it or someone's doing it legitimately doesn't matter. I've seen them and things still pass so.

qx(): 60%. Yes, votes need to be.

Cannon: Why would we go to a hundred like that makes absolutely 0 sense.

qx(): Well, the issue is a foundation of how we constructed the the policy. So it's a it's a moral question. So we move to Paideia. It automatically went from you know, one vote stops everything to 40%. 41 vote stop things and nobody voted on it. Nobody agreed to it. So the idea is if we change the voting parameters to something else. Okay, but that was done by based on a vote of this right here of this threshold, not on the original. One vote stops it threshold that we had before. So essentially, we're making up a vote threshold to then vote on further things. So essentially, I feel like it's a a corrupt foundation for every single vote. After that was a moral dilemma. So the idea was.

Cannon: So what you're saying is, push it back to what it was, and then vote again.

qx(): Then change it immediately. Exactly. We'll discuss and put up a proposal immediately to put it what it should.

Cannon: Generally.

qx(): But people think it is.

Cannon: Why don't we just do it all at once like, why is it 2 separate steps.

qx(): Because the vote to what's it called

Cannon: I mean, frankly, there's people who have voting tokens that aren't in the 6, so I don't understand why we're even like.

qx(): Who has voting tokens that are in the 6.

Cannon: Cafe left. Everyone gives excuses, he said. He left. He still has a token.

qx(): There's pieces so.

Cannon: Don't participate. That we've said need to be cold. We haven't done it like I think it's.

qx(): Well, it's impossible to call on Padia without rebooting the whole dial.

Cannon: Understand.

qx(): Starting it again! And the idea.

Cannon: Questions that I have to them is, is there a simple refresh button, like an easy button, that you can clone all the old stuff over, or are there gonna be forks, and you can't go back and look at history. You have to go back and look at every damn branch.

qx(): Yeah, that's gonna be a pain. That's for sure. I mean, dots are messy. We're living through the start of these kind of things. But the idea, Kenan, is that if we vote to change, if we have a vote that says, Look, here are the old parameters that were on the old vote site. Here are the parameters that defaulted on Paideia. Here are the parameters that we want to go to vote on it. That vote is still us not the correct thing. Essentially so. If I could, I would stronghand and just change Paideia myself to the one vote cancels everything. So it would be baseline, but I can't, so I have to change that to. As soon as you change these parameters it fires off a proposal. and that's what you saw. So so so I can't do this. So the idea is, let's at least collectively agree that cause worst case scenario. People say, Oh, but the vote to agree on the old voting things was still not the right thing. But it doesn't matter, because we're on the, you know. That's the rule of law that we've agreed on is that that one vote kills everything. So my thought is, let's go to that. I think what there's like. There should be a half a week left, or something like that. and Then, as soon as that's up, you know, let's put in the other vote of what we think the threshold should be. Let's see.

Cannon: Okay, Dicks.

qx(): 8. I think it's 7 or goose. I must have just made it. Jesus Christ. Yeah. I just don't want any questions in the fact, you know, in that. Oh, you guys voted to to update the vote policy and you use a voting method that wasn't even voted on our approved. So now we're stuck in a vote, you know, petrol thing, and if we can say, Look, we baseline back to where we were, and then we move from there.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Let's just mess up.

Cannon: Okay, I don't think there will be any bad actors. I just think that it gives the opportunity for something stupid to arise.

qx(): It does. We just need to get one vote out with that. you know. Kind of thing, that's all. Just one vote. As soon as this passes, we do another one.

Cannon: So once it passes, does it affect the other ones that are in motion?

qx(): No, no, I think no, because it's a smart contract. It's all written up in one thing.

Cannon: And so they're pretty.

qx(): They're all baked. Yep.

Cannon: All all ready on the back.

qx(): You got it.

Cannon: That's fine. We we are probably even worried about.

qx(): We could probably even do a 3 day emergency vote with the voting change. Kind of thing to get it out of the way, just because it's clear everybody's aware of the 7 day vote hopefully, that's been going on, and then we can switch it again. Perhaps. So there don't hold up other votes right? Do we want to discuss at all.

Cannon: Well, hold, ho! Hold on real quick. Okay. Cause something else regarding all this kind of stuff that's important that I just wanna get.

qx(): Shit I have to.

Cannon: is. since we're talking about today. Votes. So pay echo past. I don't know if that came out of the treasury on Paideia or not. Replace his token, I'm sure that was just pass him a new token.

qx(): I think it was. I think it went out. Let's see it should. It should say right here.

Cannon: Sky harbor, past. Yep.

qx(): I gotta make that multi-sig and get everybody motivated.

Cannon: Multi sign needs to happen literally today, and I know you have a bunch of stuff. But.

qx(): I'll initiate it.

Cannon: Okay, cause, then.

qx(): So eco got the sigma token right here. Yep.

Cannon: Okay? Cause, the the.

qx(): It ends in 2 days. Yeah.

Cannon: Duck pool thing ends in 2 days.

qx(): That's.

Cannon: And duck, full sky, arm, or whatever so.

qx(): Also get out the duck pool thing, too. and there's also there's this re. No, that's not there. There's another thing. Pay! Echo, pass.

Cannon: Can you

qx(): There's there's what's it called? What's that.

Cannon: Turn up your microphone a little bit.

qx(): Oh, sorry! I'm away from my my bed.

Cannon: Okay.

qx(): Yeah, I'll try to get. I'll I'll try to organize and get everything out that needs to. There's other things I have to put in again for reimbursement. But yeah. oh, this guy, too. I gotta take this out too.

Cannon: So do you need me to give you the timestamp of what the 10% are you? I mean, I'm sure you're good at calculating 10% of the Treasury for Sky Harbor.

qx(): And 10% of the herbs or 10% of the overall value.

Cannon: Of this segment of Treasury value. which was approximately 3,600 per at the time.

qx(): Okay? So should we just take out 3,600 erg, or should we take out what that was?

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Us dollars at the time.

Cannon: I would think that it's no, it was in our. It wasn't in dollars.

qx(): So we'll just take out 3,600, Eric. Perfect. That sounds fine. Okay, cool. What was I? Gonna say? Shit, what was I saying. Oh, we got some. I think. I think we got some decent exposure from minors for this. I think this worked out fairly well for being 500 bucks. It was kind of a scramble, and if we know about it in the future we could go a lot cheaper like. I think it was an extra 3 or $4 per hat to rush order so it could have been down to like 300 bucks for 30 hats like. And I think Austin said he could get hats for like 11 bucks or 12 bucks that are much better quality than the ones I sent. So so yeah, I thought that was, you guys, probably you guys see around Twitter. So it was wearing it. And he mentioned our go quite a bit that day with the stickers and everything. Then there was an arrow hats on the table when their group picture was there, so Hopefully that did some something at least. okay, do we want to talk about we don't talk about drama at all.

Cannon: Hold on one second the we will fund all participants in ergo hack 8 is ongoing. Vote.

qx(): Yes, this is a new one, corrected. Yep.

Cannon: Just so. People know it would be. There's 76, 44. So 84, 62 herd was raised on the raffle.

qx(): And I think he deposited 7,000 something to it.

Cannon: S-.

qx(): Treasurer.

Cannon: Only like there's 10% like 10% goes to charity. Right? So it's her.

qx(): From the raffle fee 2% or 1% raffle fee, and then.

Cannon: So.

qx(): As a charity.

Cannon: Yeah, so it's 76. 44 is what I saw as the transaction that came into the treasury. So 100 or 1,500 of that is what's up for vote on this to dole out a hundred or to each project that participated. And then the next sort of thing that needs to be discussed separate from that is, what are we doing regarding the rest of it like, how are we? Are we setting up a separate dow for the balance because one person had a lot I didn't really know if they cared or not to vote. Don't know if he's in.

qx(): And Max.

Cannon: Yeah, yeah.

qx(): I. The the plan was that I I would have. I would like to in, and Louie got it ready right in time. The plan was to spin up a dow for this.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Distribute tokens and then just have them just have the people vote on it based on the dial. We could test what's it called? We would have. I don't know right, because you can do multi multi choice votes on video now. So I wonder how.

Cannon: Hopefully. If not, we can't really use Paediat about honestly. that's where I'm getting at.

qx(): Well, I mean, we can use it to visual. Let's see. Okay, test. Yes. Provide options. I can't click that. Nope can't yet the well. we could have 15 different proposals on Paideia. and you vote for the ones that you like. but they won't necessarily send any funds, you know. We'd have to still manually send the fund, which is fine. But yeah, so we could put 15 up 15 proposals up, and people could just stake and vote for who they think they want to win that that'd work. I mean, that's half the time what we do now, because we, you know. don't have a full treasury. Wamba's been slacking and hasn't put up a vote to put more money in the treasury of Paideia. It's okay. I know you're busy. Wumbo. Yeah. okay. So I'll do that. That's fine.

Cannon: Hmm.

qx(): Major want to know what's the 1st method approved, though? Yes. the 1st method of voting was approved with the old voting system. Well, Hq. Meant to and send to people, and we track by return. And I'm not back. Danger, I mean, that's the old way to do it. Hq. As as the idea was, let's we try to get people to use Padia. I mean, that's a that's a focus of this whole project idea. you know. Let's get people on there. Let's get people using it. So we figured this would facilitate that. But yeah, I mean, that's a wallet voc wallet token voting is, you know. Very easy. Alright! What's what's next? Kevin.

Cannon: I would like to real fast, so that covers pretty much the treasury. I don't know if you had any success on Mike figuring out the liquidation tokens, I know. Like with our go hack and stuff. You're not in travel like you know what I mean like, I know you probably didn't. But that's just something on the on the back burner, you know, is liquidating some of the tokens like we've talked about. seg, mining pool without going into the Argo hack updates. The dashboard is down. There was the pool crapped on us twice, and so we took down the dashboard, thinking that there was a lot of calls to the database that may have been causing issues or corrupting something. What's cool is, there's about 2 or 3 other ways, and people are still mining to the pool, and still finding what they need on, you know, is my rig up, etc. through all that calamity. We had our best week ever. We found 41 blocks. and I haven't done the calculation because I haven't pulled the data for this week, but we're probably I mean, I know we're well under 100% luck, but it probably brings us back for the last 2 months back to closer to 100% instead of like a hundred 10 or 11. So. yeah, that's sort of the the mining pool update that's not related to the Hackathon

qx(): Yeah, I can, host. Eventually I'll host the main database on the secondary server. and that'll stop from crashing mining core if it, if it if it does cause, it's not running on that server. But yeah.

Cannon: Gotcha. So I'm just looking through what's on here from last time. I really don't think sigma lock. 4 eyes gave us a flow of the the contract and the boxes and everything. maybe I don't. I mean, should we just push that to everybody so everyone can look at it. Or is that really even necessary? I'm not really sure.

qx(): We can. Yeah, we can throw that in chat. See if see if anybody has any ideas.

Cannon: That in the chat later. And then I think that's sort of it from last week. Obviously Hackathon but I mean might as well. Now that we got that stuff out of the way in 25 min. Go to the battle, Royale, if you wanna call it that, enter the enter the thunderdome. the tear down? How many are? 2, 4, 6, 8. Does anyone not know what happened between Austin and I guess it was Glasgow? Okay.

Sisyphuspush: There's bits and pieces. But yeah.

Cannon: Okay. so there's you can go back and find the history. But and qx, keep me honest in case I truncate or gloss over. Be my honesty, Buddy here. Austin, from time to time gets aggravated about what he sees as a lack of access to Berg and the Us. And other locations due to lack of listings on pretty much tier ones are the only ones that are left in the Us. That you can get onto to get her there is trade over. There's some smaller ones, but with liquidity that you can hook up your bank account and just do a Dca every week, or you know whatever you want once a month. So in Sig chat he went off. We've all probably seen them do it before related to. We don't have tier. One listings believe this or this time it did not say something about Dan's not doing anything, and then. ergo, Foundation is not doing anything to push this. You know, we need to get what the metrics are, and let's get listings he and Glasgow went back and forth, and then basically at the end of it. I believe they had chatted in the background as well. But and that may happen later, but they have chatted in the background later together directly. but yeah. Glasgow kicked him from the 6 chat like Bandam and so that's sort of brought up a governance issue, really, for the segs in general. Related to some people say, Hey. it's just a chat. All our activities on Paideia. But there's truly no chatting going on on that day, or right like there might be one comment a week or something. The chatting happens inside of either telegram or discord. and whether it's good or not, you know, I mean. But that's where the banter is. So basically, the where we're at is Glasgow said. He kicked him because of. and this is where I'd would probably need to find it. I'm trying to go from memory, which is fuzzy. But there's rules set up around what people can and can't say on the discord or telegram. and since were on basically something that's controlled by the ef he violated that and got banned didn't get Gracie. Sex didn't get bounced off. He's still in main chat just out of 6. So that's the that's where it's at. So I didn't even I saw them going back and forth. I never knew Austin was off till I was asking him for an update on the marketing stuff and that's when he told me he wasn't in 6 like so and hate he took, or how he described it was that he's not a sig any longer, because he got banned again. I don't know if that's how he really felt, or that's whatever. But that's how he took it. Which I think several people had mentioned to him. He didn't get voted out. So you're not really out, but it's sort of a funky. funky line. So anyway. did I cover it adequately. Andre? Did I leave anything out of it? Did I any gory details.

qx(): No, I don't think so. I think Mark had really a big issue with He mark felt like he explained things to Austin numerous times. and to the point that, like directly giving him arguments back about some statements, I think my biggest thing was that he felt Austin said, that the ef was purposely withholding purposely not engaging in exchanges, and that kind of thing like with malfeasance, or at least, that's what the the text read like. So I yeah, I mean, we're at a weird thing here, right? Because right now the 6 chat is owned by the Erica Foundation, because it's part of their ecosystem umbrella of, and that means it's part of Mark's job as the community person for the Aero foundation to to run and manage and moderate those chats. so I see it as a solution is to perhaps just make another chat. And yeah, invoke some sort of rule. Bot that you know you can. It takes 2 or 3 Admins to type ban on somebody to do it, and then at least we can say, Look you, ban somebody without using that method. They're going to come back, and then we'll see if they do this kind of thing. So then at least we have that with this. There's no real, you know. It's like Joe and the Twitter Keys. There's no no, Major, there's no there's no re. There's nothing we can say. I mean, there's no, that's the way it is. We can't say, Look, look! You know this is, it's not our chat. I guess it's a short of it. They did talk it out, Craven, for quite a while. Basses.

Cannon: And.

Sisyphuspush: So I'm a little bit confused. On one hand, you know, I get that. The discord is owned by the ergo foundation. but then there seems to be some inconsistencies that you know he's kicked out of Sig Chat. But then he's still in general chat. So one I would think the ergo foundation owns the entire discord, and there would be consistency across the lines if that was the decision being made.

qx(): I think he.

Sisyphuspush: Kind of like.

qx(): And general too.

Sisyphuspush: Body.

qx(): I see sex. Is there.

Sisyphuspush: So on. Okay, I I thought it. I thought Canada had mentioned you in general.

qx(): Out of. He kicked him out of a bunch of chats.

Cannon: Oh, I didn't realize that. But yeah, okay.

qx(): Not just.

Cannon: So sorry if that was unclear for me. I I was not aware.

qx(): So that plays in line with his thought process of his duties of being a moderator for the integral foundation ecosystem social apps. sis.

Sisyphuspush: So if we were able to start a new chat like you propose, and our own dedicated server. with any kind of bridging of chats be subject to that as well. Oh, yeah.

qx(): We could certainly petition right? We could presently petition the ergo foundation to bridge our chat into there. Yeah. But then again, you know that. Yeah. Are a couple bad actors like his. you know. What? What if Glasgow says? Something like, look, this person's arguing, you know, just like this happens again. And they say, Look, we're gonna unbridge your chat if you don't ban them. So you know, that's a potential, too. So yeah.

Sisyphuspush: I mean, but then that at least gives the Sigma knots. The opportunity to vote on. Whether, you know, is, is the juice worth to squeeze as this member. And we stand, yeah, we have that decision to make. Or or you guys with the vote tokens can make that decision. you know, rather than it being, you know, just unilateral. And just another question. the Padaya chat like, how far away is that? From being actually a useful tool for dialogue?

Cannon: I mean, you can leave comments now on the proposals, but there's no there is no that I'm aware of. I don't. Yeah, there's no messaging per se. I mean it. And Delapa. anyone can leave a comment so to the point of like not having name associated, whatever that really doesn't matter per se, like you can. you know, tag yourself or give yourself a name. But so you can do. You can create a new. not proposal, but just discussion thread. But again, to me. yeah. having to go through paideia. what makes, and even having to set up our own. What makes this easy is it's in the discord for those of us that are on the discord side, and it's on telegram which any chat could be in telegram right like it doesn't have to be under the Ef umbrella. Technically, none of them are. They're just bridged over, or they may have started there, and they got bridged over to discord and and linked up on discord. So for me, the bigger. not bigger for me. The of for me. The issue is, it's inconsistent. I've seen many people harass push to say equal things to this, and nothing happened. It's unfortunate that Austin said anything to me. To begin with in the way that he did, and whether he intended for it, to read the way that it sounded, or whatever it sounded. A little tinfoil haddish but the counter to that is the lack of communication from the Ef directly to everybody it's there you have to find it. But regarding the listings and everything else. There's a lack of overall communication, and that's gonna hurt to hear it from their side because they tried. But I know there's a dashboard. I know you can find it on grist, or whatever it is, and sort of see what the latest is, and see what things are. But Austin's really passionate about this. He created a whole project around it. And I mean, we didn't get Mxc. Because of anything the foundation did. We? Didn't, I mean, and they did right. They funded it. They gave the Lp. And all that, but the actual connections getting it negotiated all that didn't occur through them. I think that there's just some messaging optics that are frustrating for everybody. And and so it's hard to sort of detangle at all. and so that's where I get like a little twisted in 2 different directions. we could easily start a telegram. But there's folks on here that aren't on telegram right? And I'm actually trying to get off like I don't like having the message thing beat me all the time and bug me like discords easier to mute and forget about and come back when I need to. So I don't know.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah, I can't speak to necessarily the behavior and and what was said, cause I don't know the full story. So I'm just kinda seeing it from the bigger picture and kind of moving away from a place where we are dependent on any kind of centralized decision-making, any kind of even, you know, being heavily reliant on a discord on a telegram. I think, you know this is a good opportunity to start looking for ways to kind of move beyond that. And you know I'm a layman when it comes to how to build out certain things. But I know we got a website, you know, that can easily be information posted on there. To, you know. point people to where you know these conversations and discord. If you're not in them daily. You know I try to catch up on conversations, but then I'm spending, you know, the 30 min I might have to try to engage and stuff just trying to catch up on half of what I missed. So being able to have like a centralized place for big ideas, big discussions, big movements. That isn't necessarily reliant on other parties, you know. I think the more opportunity we get to take control of how we operate, you know the more. You know, fluid it's gonna be, and there's gonna be some growing pains, I'm sure. But you know, when it comes to ease, I think we shouldn't fall into a a mindset of hey? This is the easiest, most convenient way of doing it. because I think that may stagnate growth a little bit. but I think we should see these as opportunities to kind of get ourselves out of these situations for future occurrences. If any of that ramble made sense like, I don't know how easy it is to implement some sort of chat on the website, right? And or like, if we did have our own discord. you know. At least we're not under ergo foundation control, which you know we're trying to. you know. Not be. Ultimately, we're we're trying to kind of take their place in the long term. you know. So we should have our own tools and and stuff at our disposal like, can we bridge stuff to to Adea through Apis. you know, like, from our discord chat, and, like, you know, have a channel set up to like post stuff in Padea. You know, just I I think we should look at you know what tools are best gonna support, you know, decentralization. And us kinda having ownership of decision, making membership everything and not be so reliant, you know, cause these types of issues really shouldn't be issues. I mean, if people come across and are bad actors. Us as a community should, you know. be able to communicate. You know our standards, and then, if it continues to be broken, you know again as a community, if it's bothersome, decide to, you know, kick them out if that's the case, or banned them for a certain period of time. But I certainly get where it could rub people the wrong way to feel any one person has too much control, no matter how much they put into the ecosystem, I'm sure, even if Kushi had that control and was just banning people, people would have issue with it. no matter how justified it may have been based on the conduct of an individual.

qx(): Yeah, I agree. I think. you know 6 can't be under the umbrella where the basement of the Ef. Forever. That's not the the idea we have to get out and do our own thing. That. But that also means that we need to. You know, we'd have people that moderate. We need to have It's it's not easy work for that kind of stuff. So you know, kinds of zone things. And it definitely doesn't need a vote, either. We could go spin off a discord, a new telegram, chat immediately and start using it, and then ceremoniously. If we wanted to put up a Paideia vote and say, you know, let's think of this segment. You know this new discord and new telegram as the official segment and then then ask Mark to just link to that kind of thing. I don't think we're gonna fracture, Major. I think that's a whole point. you know the Sigmas is supposed to stand on their own and do their own stuff. So if we don't have, if we don't have collective control over our tooling our tools and our social channels. Then then you know, what are we.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah. And and we could still be like bridge to ergo discord in certain elements, like announcements or certain things where the entire community, you know, into all segment not to have control. I mean, we can vote on, you know, a few people to post these announcements, and that can be what gets bridged to to ergo. So I mean, there's a lot of different options, as far as that goes, to still stay integrated within, at least like the discord, and then general chats.

qx(): Yeah. And at that point we'd be beholden to any any other thing that all the other like cyber person. boober, and all those projects that have, you know, linked bridge channels. we'd be beholden to any of the community guidelines there as well. Kind of thing. So we'd be in charge of self moderating. So I think that's a good. I think that's the next step. Honestly. I would almost think that if if if Mark wasn't so if I didn't talk to Mark and Mark wasn't so. you know clear about why what happened happened I would have thought marked it as on purpose to spur this. But yeah, Paul, what's up.

paul will not dm: I was just one. Well, I was just thinking if I can add something in in here, so I mean at the end of the day with these chat groups that we're all in. There's no real way to operate them truly, decentrally, anyways. And they shouldn't really ever be viewed as a well, basically the main or final platform for for pretty much what what gets, you know, what what decisions are going to be truly made? They're more of a like, you know, platform for us to discuss on a better convenience, because we, you know, we can all just jump on telegram or discord on our mobile phones and talk throughout the day or in between things. and we probably should be doing more communications through through some yeah, free pay, dear. But in, you know, you know the reality is, it's not as convenient, and it's not as it's not as open to. Well, it's not easily to openly communicate through. like how we do in the social chat. So. But maybe my point is. this whole conundrum is more probably be seen as more of a like awareness thing for us all. But you know, a bit of a maybe a bit of a reality check.

qx(): Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Kennan just posted mark's argument. The context you're missing is at this point. He was in the market making chats in the chat we had with Crack and 2, and knew what our efforts were when the van ever exchange. Well, tell me why he said this, but hurts my head. A few other instances like that over the years he's still in basis saying, Manifesto says it's for regular people, but we're ignoring that because we're too cyberpunk and avoiding a change is something just nonsense that I need to dispel constantly. So that's Mark's point of view. I know that Austin was in some of the market maker chats, was he? But you know, I started not paying attention to all of them, too. yeah, that's my stuff. So yeah, I mean, I guess we shouldn't focus on the weeds there. The bottom line is, you know, the same thing with Twitter bottom line is. Mark is owner of the chats. and Mark is going to do to the chats as he sees fit, because he is a moderator, and that's his job, and that's his responsibility. And if he felt that Austin was you know. hurting the chat and hurting discourse, causing people to leave, etc, then it's his keys. It's his right to to ban him from that chat. So if we as a Sigrat group, want to avoid that kind of thing that's when we create our own stuff and we create an agreement that this is how we ban people. you know, through Rosebot, where we can or whatever bot it is where you can type Ban, and it takes 3 bands to kick them. yeah.

paul will not dm: I think I'll add, there that well, there's if we do start a new group, it's still gonna be owned by someone, anyways, which is yeah.

qx(): If that person fucks off and it's an asshole. Then another group started.

paul will not dm: Exactly.

qx(): In person admin permissions. So it's like self. Self cleaning.

paul will not dm: Yeah, yeah, no, fair fair enough. I'm kind of on the point of view. But we should. Maybe I have more than one Sigma group anyways, and maybe have have one. So de facto one, we re relay our main communications on which can just be switched, switched over so sigma notes can run. Well, you know a there can be a couple of groups run by individual Sigs to kind of help, clean. Well, help let in let conversations be had without clogging up the whole thing. And yeah, it can just be done on an ongoing basis where. if someone stops actively participating, or some someone is. or an admin of one of those groups as being malicious, and people just move on.

qx(): Yeah. yeah.

Sisyphuspush: That's why I think, ultimately, we need to kind of get off these types of limiting type of platforms, you know, because ultimately, you know, even if we vote on Mods or Admins, you know, they can easily do whatever. So if we had a way, we can vote, and easily. I guess. Decide who controls over a certain period of time. You know the keys to the or group of people, the keys to the for lack of better terms. Discord. you know. That's why I would like to see it eventually is, you know, again becoming as decentralized as possible, and and not allowing ourselves to be as limited by the pre-established tools that we're using.

qx(): Yeah. And the key is, I think Paul touched on this a little bit, too, is You can't look at these services as the de facto. the definition of the group. These are just tools that we use to communicate with each other. And since they're federated we can't trust them. And like, if somebody fucks up, we just move to another one kind of thing. So the key is just getting that baseline, getting that understanding that telegrams, telegram discords, discord twitters twitter, you know you can communicate on any of them. but if some somebody fucks it over, then it doesn't matter. Sigma knots are still, Sigma, if I just find another place to communicate with, maybe you know somebody running it that that isn't going to do that. Maybe they'll do something different and fuck it over, and then you just go keep going. So that's that's I think that's what you just have to do with these federated tools. I mean, what if Paideia goes down? Guys. the friend and the Paideia. will we not vote anymore? So yeah.

paul will not dm: That would really throw a spanner into the dale.

qx(): Oh. yeah. So I mean, we just have to be nimble there and not recognize that where the the group is, what makes a group, not not the tools necessarily. especially when the tools are federated. So I think Raymond wants us to use Skype. Think it's a great idea. Alright, Major says. I said we could. You could do it. Yeah. there's no. we're not too hard to get the base discord set up you can go in and get that set up and get Channel set up. Learn on the grow, Major. It's fairly straightforward, and then one of us can help you with all the bots and and moderators and permissions levels and that kind of thing. But yeah. then, yeah. So either or alright.

paul will not dm: Actually, there's 1 thing I was wondering. or in the future to say, worst case scenario happen, and we are somehow cut off in our communications, except for maybe the dell. Is there any? Is there any way to relay to each other new communication channels through the Dow and access to new communication channels. Because well, I'm under the impression. If we're in a if we have our groups set to default, as a, you know, publicly viewable, but only people in the Dow can actually, a, you know. use them. Then. Yeah, we can just post new groups and then just yet allow each other access to them. But if we've got a private group where you know, you need to be a member to access. well, if we, if we are communicating through private groups, then we can't really publicly relay new communication channels to each other. If that makes sense.

qx(): That's that's eventually where my version one of and forl messaging is. Gonna take care of that. Essentially. So it'll work by you can group chat on it too hopefully at some point. But the idea is version one is going to be self custody of these messages that you dump in your own wallet, and you indicate who you want to talk to in that nft. So the nft never leaves your wallet, but other people scan the chain for their their address inside the wallets and that nft. So then you can also whitelist and filter, so you only will check this group. Chat will only bring in tokens from X amount of wallets or that kind of thing, so we could. All we'd have to do is have one single document with all the Sigs wallets in it that they want to use for communication. and that's it. Then, if anything goes down, you can send messages via the the messaging platform to do that. I'm disappointed. I can't get to it for ergro hack. But but yeah, red phone you got it. there's a listing of sigs in in what's his name? Rustin has it, Kevin and Github? It's kind of holistic. Yeah. So that's the idea, Paul, with that app that it. It's a it'll be a desktop app that you open up in. Choose an address to send to or choose multiple addresses to send to and do that.

paul will not dm: Okay, interusting. That's not not a bad idea. So you that app your. So this is a communication protocol through the blockchain. Basically.

qx(): Yeah, just think of it as I guess you're limited by how much data can fit in an ft, but it's it's it's gonna utilize a simple Nf framework where the description starting, there's a Json in the description. The 1st part is all the addresses that you want to communicate with, and the second part is just the message. kind of thing. So then you dump it in your own wallet. And, Paul, your your your messaging program would scan the blockchain for the nfts with that specific name of the protocol, and then it look in the description of those for your your address, and that it displayed that message to you if your address is there, so it's not private yet, but but at least.

paul will not dm: Yeah, that's.

qx(): That kind of stuff.

paul will not dm: That's cool. I'm looking looking forward to yeah. More developments. Oh, you more things coming out of that.

qx(): Yeah, yeah.

paul will not dm: That's kind of a good swag. Yeah. So your you're probably working a little bit on how to make that encryptable and decryptable on top of the.

qx(): That's that's that's second Gen. So the second Gen. Will go into smart contracts and use P like Pgp encryption. There are, you know.

paul will not dm: Yes.

qx(): So your wallet, can you? Can. I can send it to you, Paul, and since, like.

paul will not dm: Having a chromos.

qx(): Since I know your address, I can say, in order to read this message, he has to prove that the addresses him so it can unencrypt, you know, kind of kind of like, how email works. So the Pgp email works. yeah.

paul will not dm: Yeah. Yeah. Good good stuff I'm looking forward to. If you can get.

qx(): That.

paul will not dm: That, for.

qx(): Version 2 hopefully, we'll pay for, I estimate, because it's extremely complicated. But version one I think I can make on my own. Let's see

Cannon: Just use chat. Gb. 2. It'll be fine.

qx(): Oh, God, I've been using chat, gpt to try to do fast stuff for me this ergo hack. It's it's been very helpful, but.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): I don't. Yeah. Major feels that marks personally insulted by community frustration. You gotta just gotta remember. And I'm not being an apologist by any means. Typically in these cases, they've been around since 2,019. Something like that. When does mainland launch the amount of exchange they've spoken to the amount of influence they've spoken to. It seems new to us and and questionable of why things aren't done. You know the way that we feel they should be done, or some of you feel that it should be done. But a lot of the times they've been there done that, and they've explained it 300 times to 300 different Austins. and it can be very, very taxing, I mean, myself included. I mean, how many times do I get shit for fucking, posting something on Twitter. you know, and half the time I want to be like you don't fucking like it. Then you get up every day, and you fucking post a twitter. You go read Twitter, and you post from the main ergo foundation account. That's what I want to say. But but that's that's frustrating. So I can't imagine how much shit Cushty and in Glasgow, and and Dan and Joe all take same thing every single day. Man, this is cycle. So you know, this is like the second or 3rd sigma iteration. It started out a 1 little cold booted back up again, cold, and then we've been pushing it pretty strong for what year and a half. Now, kind of thing. So. but same shit different day. Kind of thing. So yeah, it gets taxing. So I can understand Mark being extremely frustrated by trying to explain the same thing to Austin a bunch of times. And they're not happening. I can understand Austin's point of view as well where he's frustrated. But yeah. But honestly, I we don't even need to argue about those facts, guys. That's not what we need to talk of argue about. The fact is that Mark owns the telegram. The Ef owns the telegram and the discord period. and if we don't want that to happen, then we need to put on a big boy shoes and and make our own stuff. There's no arguing about Mark's actions when he is the owner. Does that? Says I'm silly. I just I did. I just feel we'll get caught in the weeds if we try to argue whether Mark's actions are justified.

Cannon: No, yeah, I don't think. Yeah, Major clarified. No one's trying to talk. I was just saying like, it's my point in all this is to, we should probably have our own discord, and telegram is pain in the ass, that is. dim troll could probably set it up for us, and like 10 fucking minutes and then we bridge it to the ergo main one. I don't know if we can import the history or any of that bullshit, you know, so that there's stuff there if we even want it, whatever But I mean, I think that should occur period like, I think that's obvious on the face of it right now. And I I think if we don't, we need to say well, instead of banning someone you need to whatever it's called, kick them or mute them for 3 days or 8 day. You let us have a vote on it, you know. Let us figure out what we need to do. Because it's gonna come up again.

qx(): Yeah, I mean, look, look at a normal community that's, you know, even a community that's not federated like in real life. You have a small community. In the old days there's there could be somebody that's an asshole, and they're going to do whatever they want to do. What's the community to do. They either collectively get together and kick them out, or they move on kind of thing, same same kind of thing.

Cannon: Yeah, but so.

Sisyphuspush: I think it'll I think that'll also help set define lines, you know. I think you know a lot of things get blurred, you know, especially with someone like Mark, who is in the foundation. He's a Sigma, not. He's a community member, but you know, like it's you have to understand, like Qx said, what role he is acting in a capacity. He's not acting as a Sigma not saying, Okay, you're you're out of the Sigma dot group. He's acting as an ergo foundation member who owns that that discord. And I think that's like an education like that will benefit the community overall and understanding that we're not necessarily ergo or ergo foundation. We're a separate group, just like Walrus Dow, or just like any other project that's on, ergo, like, if I am in cyberverse chat. You know there is. I have certain roles, responsibilities to that community, but if I jump into, you know. Wall, restile chat, I can't expect to have the same privileges and everything else in that chat, because it's a completely different community. So, having everything kinda blurred together makes it hard for people to understand in what capacity someone may be acting in. If that makes sense.

qx(): 100%, sir. Well said. well, said Sis. are you on the beach right now, Sis?

Sisyphuspush: I live on the beach, sir. But no, I'm at home, cause as soon as I'm done with this, I'm prepping for the cyberverse Town Hall in a couple hours. So.

qx(): That's right.

Sisyphuspush: We're gonna make a push for the raffle as well. So we're gonna have yeah, nothing big but a little prize for those who make donations during the the space. So hopefully we can get it over the hump.

qx(): Perfect. I'm I'll transfer that. I'll transfer the Treasury money to my own wallet and then push it to the Treasury. So I get a lot of rewards. Push it to the raffle. Just kidding. I'm.

Cannon: So I mean it. Just so you have. The number says for that. there's 5,000, or to go, and we're doing 3,600 out of the 6. So it's really.

Sisyphuspush: 14.

Cannon: 1,300. Yup. Just so you have that number. Everyone say 50 guys at whatever right?

qx(): Push it. Yeah.

Cannon: 900, whatever it is like. That's 14 hundred's the goal. or more.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah, we'll certainly try. I mean, look, if we can get more community involvement and less that the 6 have to give, or whatever else, even if it goes over. I mean. yeah, I'm hoping it passes, cause I think it's gonna be needed. And you know, I think quota is gonna be on to our kwakka and you know, I'm gonna dig in. And really, you know, have him explain kinda how the Apis are currently being used by projects such as Sky Harbor and Blitz. And then you know how these changes will help the community and help projects like this more. And you know. Kinda see if he's gonna take community feedback for some of the changes that they're making and really try to, you know, give people opportunity to understand the importance of it.

Cannon: That'll be good. So back to the Terror Dome one last time, are we creating a separate discord of same major? Say, maybe it was going to like. Are we doing that? Do we have to vote.

qx(): No, no, no, that's what I said. These kind of things. You don't have to vote on. You do it, and it's a cubony thing like I said. Don't you know, if you vote on it, it makes it like I said, more official, that kind of thing. More, more more. As that's the tool, like the way Austin felt when he was kicked from the 6 chat. Am I kicked from the 6? That kind of thing some.

Sisyphuspush: So it.

qx(): Yeah.

Sisyphuspush: Set it up. And the more that we yeah, the one that gets used the most is where people are gonna migrate to. That's just another tool.

qx(): And if you wanna if you wanna ceremoniously do it and put up a vote in a couple of weeks after it's up and going that says. you know, in everybody's little warm heart. Let's think of this as the official Sigma nods kind of thing. So yeah. yeah, I think it's time. I think it should have been that way. I think we're. It's time that we're we're big enough in okay and not to do that. So yeah, great.

Cannon: Yeah, hey, Major, I would get with a dem troll have him help. He's good at it. You can tell him I told you to go to him. I'm sure he'll be excited to set up another one. but this is a this is good feedback. I was curious to see how people were gonna go. This came up on the devs down. I'm in that dow. and there's like 6 or 8 of us in Glasgow popped in and did something like. added a permission or linked something. And and coach, they said, Why, the fuck are you in here like this, isn't you. And Mark's like, well, because it's on the discord. I you know it's not like I'm checking messages, but it's there right like, and he doesn't have access to the telegram side, but because it's cross bridged right? It has access on the discord side. so, anyway, if we set up a separate discord. and it gets bridged to the general one right? Which is like how duck pools and all those are right, like just your general tab gets brought into the the channel right in the main, ergo foundation discord. Then that part of it would need to be moderated by them. But that doesn't mean that we only have to use our general channel So anyway. So anyway, that's that I appreciate it. Thanks, guys.

qx(): Thanks, everybody, enjoy yourself.

Cannon: Sing it.

qx(): Wish your wife a happy birthday for us, Major.

Cannon: Awesome.

Sisyphuspush: Enjoy your Sunday, everyone.

qx(): And so.

paul will not dm: Yeah. Thanks. Everyone. See? Ya.
