+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: March 17, 2024'
date = '2024-03-17T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

qx(): Nice. Alright! Alright! Let's get started. We got a bunch of things. Let's start up for the easy stuff first. Did anybody get a chance to read? I know we spoke about it last meeting, and like every week, when it comes to the night of the meeting, and I haven't done anything, I will try to do it the night before. So II spoke to Mg, pi actually like soon after that meeting, and talked to him about it, and he says he's very busy. But for the right price he would probably be able to push it out. So the idea is that we at least a week and a half ago, we started noticing people asking. They're asking questions about how to lock up tokens for their own good, or for other people, or that kind of thing. And it really begged the question that there's no real app made for this besides huddle box with, but no real dynamic thing made, and nothing that doesn't bind it to your address. The idea was, some people may want to take 5,000 ergs and put them in a lock, for I don't know 5 years, and then take that nft and dump it to a ledger. so that it's, you know, much safer in their eyes to hang onto that lock or that key. And then tons of other things come off of that from there, where you can do like life insurance kind of things where you have. You know the the creator of it. It's bound to their address, and they can pull out at any time, but then they give the nft to their child, and in 20 years the child will be able to use that nft to to unlock the kind of thing. But the creator of the contract can always unlock it at any time, in case the child pisses them off or disappoints them. Kind of thing. Also the idea was with like paying dev. Let's say you want to bring in an outsider and you they may require payment. 100% upfront but you don't have that sort of trust, so you could put it in a mutable contract that says, in 6 months this will be released to the dev, and you give them the NFT. And they can see it. They can read the contract on the chain and trust that's gonna be possible there. So maybe they're, you know, more apt to do it. You feel safer and hiring the dev in that aspect. Also things like token drops. Let's say I want to launch a token I could mint a ton of these locked nfts and say that you can't get them out until a year. I could put them all on a contract. and people could then like fish. They could send Fiverg's to the contract, and they'd get, you know, 5 nfts which allowed them in a year to cash out and get the real tokens from from the lock, as far as that goes. So there's a massive amount of potential of things that this could be used for in the meantime, I think II let the guy know how to use Sigma Phi to lock your tokens, and there's a little bit of a risk there, and that somebody could pick up your loan in between the process. And you have to be, you know, diligent and or disciplined, and throughout your keys to your temporary wallet. But but that's possible, too. So yeah, the idea was, this doesn't exist. Maybe we could pay us, pay somebody to do it and then collect a contract fee that's built into the contract. So even if somebody bypasses our ui to interact with a contract, they still have to designate a certain amount of tokens to to the Sigma, not treasury. So what do you? What do you guys? Thoughts on that gray man. I know you have something to say about it.

Grayman: Well, so there's this guy A B I don't know who that is, but he's that's cross. That's cross of itch. That's a duck pools, Guy cool so he, he said, that you know this would be trivial to program from the standpoint of a smart contract. But he pointed out that the real work here is front end, and and that's a that's a sentence that just keeps coming up on Twitter in these talks in Sig. Chat in general, everywhere.

qx(): Yeah. Yeah. So so the idea was at least with Mg, pi, he's capable of making some fairly basic front ends that aren't hideous and can look functional and not too ugly. So that was the idea with going to him but and definitely cause he's he could do all in one shot. But we can definitely should perhaps price it out. Maybe we can price across. How much he charge for the smart contract in the back end and then talk to is a quote that does a front end, or even Marty we could ask them how much they charge for a front end for it, and then we could compare those to perhaps what they all mock up and see what the price? you know, if it's worth it at that point to do that depending on splitting it up or not. So

Grayman: yeah, I mean, that's a good point. I think we should definitely take a queue from Glasgow who has encouraged a certain amount of spending in order to Foster, not just that type of work, but also marketing work. And that's been an active discussion in the Sig chat as well recently. And so I'm 100% for all that stuff. But I still think that it would also be a good idea to have a hackathon around front end development. But that's a 2 separate issues.

qx(): So we're saying, like we could, we could pick we could pick up maybe 6 or 7 or 8 front ends or projects throughout the ecosystem and put them on a leaderboard and say, Okay. part of the hackathon is everybody developing front ends for this, and we'll reward the top 5 winners of the best front end.

Grayman: We're just improving. Ui and ux. right? Us is really where a lot of the heavy lifting has to happen. And what you're describing essentially is that you could cobble together something yourself that would do this. You're trying to make this into a standard that you can just apply. The other projects can build upon again, looking at their platform sort of like unix, as sort of the kernel for it. And all these types of things being the sort of the main fundamental applications that were then used to build a functional operating system that built the Internet. So I think it's great. And we should definitely pay for people to do this type of thing. But it doesn't hurt. I mean, don't forget that a lot of New new blood could come in from a hackathon.  you know, if you if you put up some some bounties, that's a different way to fund it. So

qx(): alright. Well, let's do that. Let's I can. I can put this together in a better proposal, and I can start. I can announce it as looking for bids for a front end, ux and and for the smart contract writing, and we can post it all around Twitter and the chats and and see what we get. We'll give. They can email our Sigma else address and with mock ups of what they think they can make and how they're gonna do it, and we'll, you know, make an event out of it. Essentially.

Grayman: Yeah, except that I still prefer Timber's shit is a fan hackathon idea. I'd rather see that. But happen at some point.

TMR.ERG: Oh, so I think. The Lado Pixel shared this thing where he was making making transactions with a radio signal. And so that made me think like, oh, like, what? What sorts of things could we build like just maximally resilient? you know where, where, if shit hit the fan, you know, you would still be able to like, operate a let's or something. I don't know what people would come up with. I I had remembered talking about to Oh, Snowman Jason, like a long time ago. We, we read Kushi's thing about sending transactions through email or through phone  and that just like. I guess, like speaks to how little like. how low technology ergo could be. how accessible it could be. And I think it's I think it's a good idea to plan for something. You know, where it's like an adversarial situation. You could still make transactions. Yes, Louis, at 1 point we we talked to him about

qx(): programming tip about with that functionality. you know, because we got banned from Twitter, at least with separate. But the other idea would be to find these.

you know, you have so much more reach with email, so essentially, send a tip to somebody that doesn't have a wallet via email.

qx(): And then they get another email from the Tipper bot that says you've been created a wallet and given a tip. Here's how you access it. Kind of thing. Unfortunately, I don't know of a non centralized way to do that, unfortunately. But but yeah, that'd be that'd be really cool. Yeah. yeah. I know, I know. Right? So what I tend to do, guys is, I will. I like, I love the hackathon idea. But if if I sit on something for too long, it goes to the wayside and and forgotten about. So I try to like to get taken care of as fast again. So that's hence let me try. Let me try to put this out there, at least for this project. And then plenty of other room and plenty of other projects we can include in the hackathon for those kind of things. Yeah, I would. I would suggest that if you've already discussed this with Mgp. And you've already got him thinking about this when he's taking a shower and stuff that you should. Probably if you've dangled money in front of him. Not just say, Oh, we decided to

Grayman: turn this into a contest and watch you dance. So that's probably not the way to go would. I don't know what the specifics are of your negotiations, but I would continue to just I mean, this is a defined project. You have a a pretty good specification already, as was written, and as you more or less read off at the at the beginning of this conversation, I would just go for it, man and II would I would vote to to fund this happily. But it, it's there's a lot of other stuff like this. I mean, there's Grep, and then there's all sorts of other stuff in Unix, right? There's a million of these projects that need to get done. And

qx(): yeah, they could have a lot of different ways. So alright, yeah, hackathons are hard to organize. That's for sure, though. But we definitely have a decent amount of funds to at least put one or 2 on, as far as that goes. See, they don't have to be as big as the ergo foundation like, we don't have to give out 20,000 ergs for our hackathon. You know, we can start small, of course, for smaller things. Yeah.

Marc: I would say, I definitely would be maybe interested in the hackathon, because I think some of the ideas that I have for 6 mining pool are kind of related in terms of just like the ui aspects like, you know, we're gonna need to connect to a wallet check for the nft and that sort of thing. I think that would be kind of similar potentially to what we're trying to talk about here. So it would be very nice to have like again, sort of like an encapsulated tool set that then, can be extended as needed in terms of ui to across different projects like you guys are saying

qx(): alright, alright cool. I saw. Keep you guys posted on that and while we move to the next topic, Mark, since you were chatting, why don't you talk about the updates to the Sig mining pool for those of us, those of us that didn't watch the dev update or or follow along in chats.

Marc: Yeah, sure. Let's see. So we have a Tls enabled. Thanks. Qx. For that. We have the ui up and running for multiple users. Initially, we just had it on Docker. So you brought up Docker. But now we have it hosted. So that's awesome. And then let's see, we're starting to onboard more and more folks from Twitter get them into the 6 mining chat. trying to think of. There's more plots kind of being updated on like a weekly basis. And then I have some like kind of ideas of how we can maybe make it more fun, so to speak. I guess maybe more memified, you know, so we could have kind of like I was talking about the ui, right? So you could, you know, have somebody connect their wallet or read it right then we have an nft, and then that nft drives the ui interface so it could be like again. Kind of me unified. So one of the jokes within the 6 mining means rather is like, you know, Qx fan club. So we could have Qx's space like. you know, plaster all over the ui, or when we find a block, it's his face, you know, or whatever we you know, whatever the nft specifically is. So that's sort of an idea that we're kind of, I guess, playing around with let's see terms of of other updates. probably a a user interface just kind of similar to viper. So Canon Q was kind of suggesting. You know, that interface is really nice looks really good, good. And so I'm gonna look to start copying that, and so we'll have a front page where it's like, Hey, here's all the pool stats. And then once we have those pool stats. or rather, they enter the address right now and and then it enters, and then you get it the whole dashboard with all the data.  so so yeah, Susan updates in terms of the pool. And then future updates kind of moving forward so trying to get the ground running, so to speak.

qx(): But so it's it's neat. And the fact that you could design you could pay for certain what's it called certain designs to be made  for, for, like the ui of the of the dashboard, and you could sell those or give them away, and those would only exist so there could be a secondary market for those as well, and your ui will also only read those official

Marc: designs essentially as well. So I mean, I guess people could copy them. I guess you keep it open. But yeah, either way super cool. Concept, I got really excited about if you can tell during the dev update yesterday, and then there's like other tools like we could have. For example, there's some people that are like, hey? I don't know if I want to get into mining. Is it feasible to get into mine, or we could have some calculators ready to go well if I bought this Gpu, or at this price, and then, or even specifically like it was really nice. I built a tool a while ago with your Roy because I could download the Csv data, but I could see when we mined the coin. and then when I sold the coin, and then we could get some type of cost basis, and then I can then take, you know, 20% on taxes, for example. So then we could make like again, just tools around mining specifically, whether it be for tax purposes, or Hey, does it make sense to mine right now? Does it make sense to buy a a specific Gpu in terms of risk of reward ratio? And then the only way these users actually get access to this could be the nft. So again, it could be like a fun purpose where it's like again the Ui. But then we could also build these sorts of tools to kinda help like educate people to sort of think about, because it's great to. You know, people want to get involved with mining. But also we, you know. it does cost money, and in the mining money isn't kind of important role. And so we don't wanna like confuse people and just be like just ape into, so to speak. Oh, I'm just gonna get Gpus and get into this. I think it's important to. Yeah, let's have fun. That's also educate everybody. And I think by sort of this nft sort of idea, we could do that. But then there's also the other ideas to where. you know, we could have seasons, and so, maybe by buying an nft that contributes to like a raffle. And so then this raffle is then deployed at the end of this season, and then whoever finds the most mining blocks for a given threshold of hash rate, then gets rewarded extra. So so, for example, if you're between 1,000 2,000 hash rate, and you found the most blocked within that given save weight class, we can call it. Then maybe you get I don't know a few extra ergon. Then it's just another incentive, for example, just to kind of join the fun. And just keep it. Keep it rolling.

qx(): Super exciting, sir. very exciting, and that when you're talking it made me think of something else. What about what if we could incentivize investing in minors? Because you said you said mining is expensive. Of course it is so. What if what if we developed a platform where a miner could go and create a smart contract? Okay, easily, with one click, roll up with parameters like, if you do this, then this is what you get. So then, somebody that's not a minor that wants to invest in mining could then go to this front end and mint, 2 tokens. One token would. You know. Let's say, the tokens are $500 a piece, which is a could be the standard cost of a video card. So I'm into token one to one of those doop tokens gets dropped in the mining wallet, another gets dropped in my wallet right here, and they're unique to your smart contract, so I can't move them to some other minor smart contract. I can move them from my. I can sell my half and give it to somebody else, and and they can do it. But what that promised me is that I gave you $500. Essentially, it's under the assumption that you're gonna buy a card from it, and that I'm gonna get a certain percentage of what that card produces from there. That would be very interesting for a non minus to be able to invest in in minus in that front

cannon: some of the other chains. And it it usually doesn't end well. A.

qx(): That's Canada. By the way, I don't know if he's trying to hide his name. But you want I'm gonna rename you canon. So people, okay, there you go. I've renamed you.

cannon: Yeah. The the minor usually like it breaks. There's just issues did this a lot because it's all basic from the beginning. So is super expensive to get an ace and idea everyone just sort of 8 into it. I never. I just looked at it. Going, you know, failed. I don't know. There might be a better way to do it, but there a lot of failed attempts at how to do it.

qx(): We have we have the reputation system coming as well that it could kind of be integrated with where minus would have to build the reputation before, to make themselves attractive, to be able to have people come in and tokens on their chain. Are you gonna vote the way I want you to vote. Are you gonna vote the way you want to vote? I mean, that's a good point. What does that do? That's brings up a good discussion. Gray Man.

Grayman: Another issue that I thought of when Mark was speaking. I think it's Mark. Yes, was that speaking of taxes was that you might consider hooking up with the Crooks finance group. That's crooks. Not really because crooks Phi is a whole nother ball of wax. That's more on the mean side of the house. But crux finances project that is attempting to develop sort of a generalized financial ui back to sort of the front end discussion for understanding all of your investments, and that could include investing in minors, for example, but also for filing taxes and generating reports. And that type of stuff. I think it's an interesting project. I there's one thing that disturbs me about is that by the nature of it there are parts of it that cannot be open, sourced. And if we are going to have a front end dev Hackathon, at any point, I think that the Sinks should insist that any software that we pay for from anybody, hackathon or not should be open, sourced. So just some random thoughts there.

qx(): yeah, 100%.

Marc: And then I think, too, would be. You know, we could integrate with the idea with the nft. So maybe you know, we could have a crux finance nft team for sick mining, and if you have that nft portion of that nft goes to crux to help pay for sort of this idea, to help them essentially to develop it, and then we'll pay them a portion of maybe like the nft proceeds. kind of moving forward. But then, also, I think another thing in this sort of realm within this contract is that well, now, minors have the ability. If we create a smart contract, and it's easy to make smart contracts. In a certain sense we can then point our hash rate to the contract, and then with that contract we can then pay for whatever we want to develop, and then even, or even vote with their hash rate from that perspective even as well. Because maybe cause. For example, like, you know, some of the minors maybe not have the developmental sort of capabilities to do so, but they've got some really sweet ideas that they want implemented. So it would be really cool if, like, for example, for one month they pointed their hash rate. and then, as a result of that, that then gets paid to some developer and some smart contract, and then they develop that for them. And then hopefully, everything works out.

qx(): Yeah, I think there's definitely a lot of nuances that I was still thinking about how we could guarantee that somebody would spin up a card after you paid him. I think. Yeah. I wonder

Grayman: the flicker out of the shower?

qx(): What's that? Think about it in the shower? I don't shower agreement. That's a good point. So essentially, you could have an oracle or not. Even you need you need it. Just some some sort of database recording the minor's hash and depending on what card you pay for. You would need to see an increase of this much hash in the miners efforts, and if the minor is not sustaining as much of a hash as he has nfts, for then some of those nfts will then unlock and collateral will be able to be liquidated. Whoever gets there first essentially would be able to liquidate the collateral for the minor until they get their hash back up. And then that kind of thing. So so, yeah, yeah, that's true. Collateralization. That's a good point. Alright definitely is, gonna be a long shower, guys. Alright, that's awesome. That was fun. Alright. Now, next thing we have next easy thing we have. Sigma, not Sig can onboarding process. I just wanted to review that for everybody so long ago. back in the the second renaissance of the rebirth of the Sigma nots. This is yeah. We did some votes on what it meant to be a Sig. Can what it meant to be a Sigma not, and the consensus was that we moved forward with is that anybody that's a Sigma not can bring in a sig can. It's the lowest barrier of enter if entry. If somebody's interested in joining the club, you know, and you wanna sponsor them, and you think they're gonna be a benefit to the club, or you don't think they're gonna at least be, you know. negative to the club and and bring it down like people were saying, perhaps the har would be then, Sigma not can just bring in a sig can. And you just let us know myself from Mark, and we'll add him to the discord. And that's it. So the idea is that we were hoping for a sigma, not and I think Rustin's gonna do that after he becomes a sigma. Not again. To just monitor the the vote list. Sorry another vote. Let's see. the application entries, and then he will just bring them in ping them in chat. Talk to people, and then do that. So that's the entry for the sig can sigma not voting just needs to be promoted by a sigma. Not so any sigma not can go to Padia and do a Sigma. Not promotion event there to try to promote somebody to sigma. Not so that's all we have for there. yeah. The idea was just to keep C can barrier of entry as low as possible. So yeah, seems seems to be doing okay, so far. Let's see. Okay. we got 2 2 big things here. Let's do the first one that might be a little smaller. We have a list of, I think 3 people that would like to work with canon on managing the market maker, and when I say managing the market maker, it's the market maker, it will be being taken over from the ergo foundation. So we'll be the only official, essentially community market maker of ergo. So this would involve being in a chat canon. Unless you're you have enough bandwidth to talk about that. If you want to talk about the involvement, are you free to talk?

cannon: Yes, you know. Aye. basically, for those market cyclists called CLS. Sorry a minute. anyway. Cls is the market taker. The last comment I got from Nikita, who is our manager at that firm. I had a private one on one with him the other day, for like 2030 min he's jumped on. You know 100'clock his time. I think he's in. I don't know somewhere in Russia where he said at the moment. He's been a couple of places a couple of times to talk to him.  he said, that I've interacted with him more than the foundation prior. So they've had a lot of ideas because which is right, but

they have a lot of tools that they want to.

cannon: explained the structure of acts, etc. Look at it like it was. Gonna be hours every week. But it may be and then  Understanding what they're and they've been able to

make a good recommendation. Go back to the 6 say, hey, here's what

cannon: you know we're planning on doing. Does anyone a super price, you know. Sorry. People, that you know again get on their chat dashboard to understand, like you know, volumes on. we'll talk again. Thank you. They are all such a police. so to speak. You really your your robot. Now, Canon, it's it's really hard to hear you, did you? You didn't fall on the Grand Canyon, did you? True?

qx(): So which? So? What are the what are the 3 market makers you said, or is it 2?

cannon: He's on correct?

qx(): Sorry, not market maker, the the exchanges? Oh, I think we lost him, he popped out, okay, alright. So I think what I discerned from that is that Mark's looking for people to be involved. Maybe an hour to a week. It could be an hour to a month if everything's going well. Some of these things. I said it and forget it, but, like Cls is the name of the market maker that Eric was currently using, and I think that Mark said that they're interested in continuing to use and so if if things are going well, then you might not hear from them for a month. I mean, you might see updates and see a dash if they give it access, and you just kinda monitor and make sure everything's okay. And then, of course, I'll come to you and say something like, hey? We're a little lopsided in Sigusd over in. Sorry in Usd over on Hobby Exchange or on gate, you know. K. Can you move it over for us. Cause. Remember, the market maker does not have access to move in between exchanges. They just have access to do trades on the exchange through your Api. So there's there's that as well. So you'll need access to be able to move that for them, and be. you know, safe enough, and and and diligent enough to do. You know, 20,000 30,000 usd move from one exchange to the other kind of thing. Yeah. So that's what involved. I'm happy to sit on up for as long as needed. But I'd be happy if somebody wanted to shadow and take my place, or additional couple of people as well. That'd be great. Anybody in here interested

Marc: Mark. I thought you said you were interested, are you? Just? I'm worried. You're signing up for too much stuff. Poke around, see where I you know, fit the best in terms of everything. But yeah, I'm I'm happy to shadow and and learn, and, you know, contribute so absolutely

qx(): awesome, alright, fantastic. Just ping ping cannon and chat. Let him know that'd be great, somebody, said Mahatma. Where is Mahatma? He's not in here today. Yeah. Mahatma seems very interested in price action and price increase. So perhaps this could be something that he'd be interested in. I'm looking at, you know. I might bring that perspective a little less conservative perspective to the committee that might be good, you know, to throw those ideas in front of maybe people who are more conservative. So perhaps that's a good mix. Yeah. Does anybody know if Mahatma is interested. Gray, or are you just shooting that out there?

Grayman: I'm just spitballing.

qx(): Oh, okay, alright cool, all right. So. But for now we got Mark perfect. Mark's gonna ping cannon. Great. Okay?

Grayman: Ii was just suggesting that it's nice to have representatives from around the globe and different jurisdictions, because as they interact with the market maker and think about how that affects things, it prepares all of those people. For when we hit the Big Leagues, which is the U.S.A. Market and having people from Asia, Africa, and whatnot that I have direct impact with this month maker in a way that I mean canon probably is going to, and you will do a good job. But eventually the people who are legally connected to this. It's going to be the market maker themselves and the and the ef but it's also going to be, I mean, if you know, if it ever came to a discussion. we would say, it's it's Glasgow right? He's managing it because or it would be co-chair, or it would be, whoever is. What is that guy's name? Zoom or something like that from I believe he's Nigerian. Didn't he become a sig  interesting person he's tried to. He's active a long time ago on the ergo Forum trying to use that format to gather people into a lot of the things that we've been discussing over the past year and I think, left in frustration for a while, but has hung on  That's really not the place to discuss marketing, at least in in a general way. Maybe good place to have a a vote or a a specific discussion about some project, but like trying to use the ergo forum to drum up what the sig's is is no way going to be functional. You need this. You need people, and you need meetings, and you need. But anyway. I'm rambling. There's plenty of people that that could potentially do this. You should probably think about having a a good geographic spread, because eventually the rubber is gonna hit the road on regulations and legal and taxes and all that type of stuff. And you want a bunch of people from a bunch of different perspectives with experience and ability to testify if it came to. But you know, to sort of discuss what their motivations were and why they did what they did. and and then be ready when we do finally get on cracking to, you know. to talk in front of Congress like Charles Hoskinson.

qx(): Oh, fun! I just read that. Wasn't there something? No business a while ago. There are a couple of states in the Us that recognize dials as an organization a legal entity, right? I know Wyoming means one of them. Did Montana just do it as well. One of those western sideways, semi forward, looking the sideways, thinking, I say, but that's forward in some dimension. States. Sorry, Mark, I'm not just in Colorado. No worries yeah. So I wonder what what that looks like with the possibilities there are. Delaware. Right? Right? Right? Yeah. Wait. Was it Delaware that just did it, too? I thought, yeah, something like that. Delaware is the state that made it such that it was used by the Rockefellers that made it such that corporations no longer had to serve the public good.

Grayman: and instead could just simply share and benefit the the shareholders. So share the profits, and that there was no obligation to serve the public as a as a consequence of them getting limited liability, and since one State in the Union did it, all the others eventually had to follow. But that's why Rockefeller reincorporated a bunch of the Standard Oil properties in Delaware was because of that. He's he ran around Congress. Pull me, go to hell my corporation can do whatever the hell it wants.

qx(): Well, I mean, the poor guy didn't have enough money. I know. I know people that the if you guys wanna the the amount of money that it's it's it's almost incomprehensible. I have a my mother went to college or high school with a girl that always seemed to just have this random money to pull out of her ass. And eventually she was like, Yes, my great, great uncle's aunt. Somebody is Rockefeller. and it's like it went that far sideways down the tree to get this like fourth, fifth generation person like way many aunts and uncles over that. This woman had enough money forever, and her daughter had enough money forever. It it was. It's disgusting how much, how much money that is.

Grayman: Yeah. They built an empire. Now we're gonna do it with Dow's in Wyoming.

qx(): Perfect, perfect. Alright? So so alright great. So that's that's that's good discussion. Material for that mica making group fantastic next up last up that I have at least is. There was a lot of discussion about sigs reaching out in being some sort of media arm and promotion arm for projects. You know. That was kind of the birth idea of the Sigs that we'd promote projects and that kind of things. But the idea that was thrown around in chat the other day was correct. Me, if I'm mistaken. was that there would be some way to collect funds to do this, or reimburse efforts in the signal by the projects to do this, and I think, let me see, where is this?  yeah. So so beyond. Beyond how that goes, I think I think the important thing is we can't get out the door without knowledge of what we can provide. So the idea would be, what the hell are 6 good at? What can we do? And what can we offer projects like, do we have people that are involved in marketing? Do we have graphic designers? Do we have editorial people? Do we have people that are willing to tweet like crazy. So II my personal thought is, if we could develop some sort of voluntary document. And this has been talked about before. Maybe Rustin talked about it. Maybe. Ca, coffee talked about it. Somebody talked about it in the past, some sort of document where Sig's just put down what they are proficient in, and what they sell, and those kind of things, and then that'll help too low, or anybody else that wants to take on this project to say, Okay, let's reach out to Timer. He's very good at designing this kind of stuff.  tamer, would you be able to, you know. Donate 4 h every time a week, if you're gonna be paid this much from the project, and Turbug would say, yes. So then you'd fill in all that column. So with all that data, then we can develop some sort of package that we can. offer to projects a little more solid than II just felt like the other day. I felt like I had to slow it down, which is bad cause I hate slowing stuff down. I didn't wanna run out the door without an idea of what the hell we could actually provide. Otherwise we look like dumbasses in front of the projects. So so what? What were your thoughts on that? Anybody wanted to spearhead that and try to collect data?

TMR.ERG: I mean, like, I don't know.

qx(): Yeah, I. If you guys, you know your raise your hand buttons on the lower right of your screen guys, if you can find it

TMR.ERG: like, I can make a spreadsheet, but I've I've been honestly struggling with time.

qx(): It could be similar. It could be as simple as just making a spreadsheet and fill putting the columns in place and then just spamming it every other day. Just say, Hey, guys, only 10 people have filled this in. I know there's 66 and 52 Sig cans, you know just that, you know, not even DM, people just doing that. And then people naturally take it from there. Kind of okay, awesome. Thank you. Fantastic.  did. Did I? Did. I explain that correctly? Is that what Tulo in in Glasgow were talking about the other day? Providing?

TMR.ERG: Yeah, yeah, we'll just like different people have different things to offer the projects. And so we're kind of operating as a collective to offer services

qx(): awesome

TMR.ERG: and like was starting off with with writing for them like just twitter like, hey like, tell me what you want your Twitter presence to be like, and I can do it for you.

qx(): Yeah. Made some good. Some good. Ergo threads, that's for sure. Yup. okay. So the idea would be, we would charge projects or projects would pay for us to kind of integrate into their project and work. Cause. My, my concern is we're sigma, not right. Our job is to broadcast and promote everybody in the ecosystem, regardless of whether they have a millions of dollars in the Treasury, likes like spectrum does, or whether they're like a bust. Your ass kind of aggregator or botmaker like Hq. Is kind of thing, and our job is to promote everybody, no matter what. So my worry would be that we just need to make sure to segment those properly, so that Sigma nots are still doing the promotion of everything in the ecosystem. But we're also having a service where Mark can work on a front end for a spectrum and help them out with that kind of thing. Or Tulo can write content for somebody, and while we'll still probably eventually push that out through the Sigma Channel, we're not

charging them to have access to the Sigma not channel. We're charging them to have expertise locally that they trust in, that they know the results of, and they can kinda hire that out like a quick, for, like almost like a temp agency.

qx(): where you know, you just come in, hire the manpower, and we crank it out for you, and you know what to expect. Kind of thing does that separation of Church and State kind of make sense?

Grayman: It would happen naturally like, take Hq. For example. I might not be able to afford as much as spectrum could to pay the Sigs. But then, again. he is a sick, and he could volunteer to be one of the people on the list, and he can volunteer to help himself and not charge himself. And so. you know, he could. He could do what should have originally been done. In the first place, right according to cw, which is that these projects should be, you know, busting their home and advertising for themselves. But I think there's nothing wrong with with having a a group of Sig's that are sort of known as being good at this and too low is fantastic. So so is Austin right at at just sort of creating, visually appealing content on Twitter that draws the eye and gets you to read it.

TMR.ERG: and

Grayman: you know a lot of people like me. II can't. I mean, I can maybe come up with bullet points and whatnot. But I don't. Yes, it's not my project. You need somebody like that. And Hq. Can do that, too, so he can do it for himself. So, and he is right, and he's good at it. So he could also hire out that capability to spectrum, or whoever.

qx(): so that sorry go for it. Timer?

TMR.ERG: Wh is there any like obligation here for for what somebody? Let's say I want to write for people, and they're gonna pay me. Is that is that just to my pocket, or is there some function of that money going into? I imagine it going to the Sig's cause? You're you're you're you're you're broadcasting the trust of the Sigs, and that the Sigs are vetting themselves, and the sig's would kick anybody out. That's an asshole.

qx(): or or is, you know, cheating a project. So you're if you're utilizing that kind of brand, the Sig brand, then there should be a small fee, I think, attached onto that. That's that's brought into that. Not like, not like a research funds where they take 50% of the university. But we're talking like a small percentage. So you know, exchange between Tulu and and Louis Vitra

Grayman: or Vatra in which tool was like dude. This is 3 tweets. It's so easy, and Louise like well, maybe easy for you, but not for me, and there's probably stuff that I do, that I think's easy. and you know Tulo took that right in stride and said, all right. Well, let me help, I mean, I think that's what that was. The log jam that broke that led that whole discussion to happen, and it was really good to see. So like a certain amount of organization and a certain small fee hat tip feed to the Sig's. Basically, whoever's doing work for this is is volunteering for that. And then, if somebody thinks tool is really good at this, I wish he was doing this instead of like one tweet a week. you know, was was jamming every day. Then go talk to him separately, and pay him to do it right. You know it should. Nobody should be expected that what they're doing here is gonna take hours and hours. But for Tullah, apparently it just takes 5 min, and he's got something beautiful. So there you go.

qx(): Yeah. And I think I think also we were. This. This brings us into actually a little bit more work in the backend, simply because we, in order to try to keep it fair, we're going to start needing to track. So we're gonna have to have a a index of ecosystem projects and keep it up to date. And then we're gonna have to essentially track that we're covering their updates, or when their last update that was covered, so that if you know, people come in and say, Hey, you know, I know that spectrum's paying. You guys X amount to test their decks or to do this. How come? Your updates are all about spectrum? And then we can go back and say to the chart, Hey, look! Spectrum has had 5 updates in the past month, and we've advertised every single one of them. You've had one update in the past month. And we advertise that as well. So we're we're equally outputting those kind of things. What if? What if to start with? We just insist that anybody that utilizes this program?

Grayman: you know if, especially if they have a coin or an N. Ft. That they donate in that coin, and an equivalent amount of erg to the 6 treasury. Whatever this small amount is. so that we have said that we generate a way to track which projects have donated how much and when. and and without keeping a you know, some sort of a centralized spreadsheet. There, you guys right on the blockchain.

TMR.ERG: This is like kind of in line with the that Kyc body idea I had, and totally like, just didn't have time to follow up on. Yeah. I like it. I think there's a demand for the Sigs to like do stuff, and there's a big opportunity for us to support the the ecosystem and also make some money doing it as an individual and as as a collective. I think it's a good idea.

qx(): It's like a qualified workforce from the project. Yeah, you got it. You got it. You got it alright. So I so the first step in this I mean, I'm sure we could talk all day about what the possibilities are. But the first step should be to create a talent list asset list. So let's timberg is gonna do that. Thank you. And post it, and then I'll advertise it as well every other day as well. If I don't see you do it. So no problem there, and we'll fill it up. Fill it up with everything that you think you can do, and you think is marketable, and you think is average or above average. well, he's already made a doc perfect. Let me open that alright before Timar before we hop in your thing. Your last thing. Let me just mention, too, that I've reached out to Glasgow, added me to the Mex listing chat and I've asked them for a pitch deck, and they sent me a listing pitch deck, and I was like, no, that's not what I want. I was like, I wanna deck that I was like, what makes you guys better than anybody else. So you know. What can I take and extract from your your advertising of what makes you better, and put it on the main twitter, and say, Hey, guys, Mex, listen, coming up. This is why, you know, this is what's interesting about Mex, and why you should make an account there, and that kind of thing to really get the promotion cause. As Cole Tia's Co. Colletier Cotillier had said. We need to. You know, the community raise 50 some grand, we we just not. We shouldn't just let this happen, you know. We need to announce it and promote it. To make sure it's a success cannon's got some liquidity going there from the market. Make it to 30 30, I think, he said. So that's not gonna be a small deal there, that's gonna be great. So th we have to do our job here and promote this for the community and the effort that was done. So once I get those pitch decks. So so I wrote back, and I was like, no, no, I said, pretend I'm a Vc. And you're trying to get me to invest in your chain, and you're trying to say what makes your chain better than everybody else. So she sent me a few more things last night, and I'll I'll study them and see if I can extract some things, but I'll put them in a sheet for everybody to see, so we can base our community tweets and the main ergo platform, and Sigma tweets off after that. Yeah. yeah, super cool timber. Go for it

TMR.ERG: alright. So pretty much. I  have a weird liking for the erdog token and I have put together. A little, doc. That describes my plan. I can just kind of read and share with you. But It's a I've I've got some whales, some whales to who wanna donate their tokens, and they're just like I've been sitting on this so like we can do something cool. And so I I'm I have at least 35,000 tokens com like committed and I've had several other people like kind of say that they're whales, and that they wanna give their tokens to an event. And so I'm imagining something that is really just like using these tokens to reward users for doing like engaging with various apps across the the ecosystem like no requirements. Nobody's gonna pay for anything. So my example is like, maybe everyone, for, like the span of the week. who or the span of the event, like whatever the length, is anyone who adds Sig Usd. To the Duck Pools pool would also get a portion of those Erdos rewards and then we can just kind of do that with every app that wants to do it. I'm I'm not sure why somebody wouldn't want to do it. Cyberverse has said that they would like to do a play to earn C. 8. The total box guy has another game that he just hasn't released. He's like we could just release it, and Erdos will be the the token we just give people for playing so like, literally anything. So that's like kind of phase. One is is finding ways to distribute the tokens. Grand gambit is another one. They're they're into it. They're like, yeah, anyone who plays our our games because you should just get this Erdos bonus So that's phase one phase 2 is I've got a hold of box coming for Erdos. where it's gonna cost kind of a lot, maybe like 1,000 Erdos. So if somebody like really does all this stuff, they would, they would qualify for free. You know, they wouldn't have to pay anything, but they would get like a a like a golden ticket er doge an ft. And their their hold box would lock up for like years, you know, to like really like, get rid of those Burdos and make it kind of epic and then that ticket we could ask projects like who would be willing to reward users who did this? So maybe like a trial membership for crux, or like, we could have people raffle with their golden tickets like, maybe we get a really nice urdo ergonome. you know. Maybe it's worth spending some money on something like that, like just asking people like, what would you want to reward people with? you know I'm not really sure what what else we could do. Torto has some Erdos nfts that he never released. Maybe maybe II call for donations for people. I think the example of of the crux offering a membership for somebody that sounds cool, but they would have to like agree to do that. And it's also nice, because there's only 500,000 per doj. And so if we charge a thousand bucks for the nft well, there could only be 500 of those. you know. So it's like there's kind of a limit on what what could happen. And then they could also put a cap on what they're doing. Like, we will accept 10 or something.

Yeah. So so that's kind of my idea.

TMR.ERG: I would love any feedback, or like other ideas that people have for involving people in terms of either distributing tokens or reward rewarding and then, if anyone is a secret, or do as well it would be nice if we could have more tokens. That's my Ted Talk.

Grayman: I don't have any, and I missed the run. Mahatma went and bought a shitload of. Where do you even buy them

TMR.ERG: spectrum? And you have to type it in.

Grayman: Oh. I'm interested. but I can't help you with the I'll participate.

TMR.ERG: It seems simple like cause, because even if the project doesn't wanna like can't do anything. We could just look and see who interacted with their with their smart contract, or whatever, and just drop the Erdos

Marc: totally. It's a good idea.

qx(): And guys don't forget we have let me share this so you can see it 1 s. I got. Let me put this here when you guys are designing things, don't forget we have this. We have the second nft wallet. So we have a lot of donated nfts. Oh, look at this. This gotta be worth some voice. We have some. We have 6 gnomes some Halloween gnomes. We have this cute little grots up thing we have some greasy sex cards as well. which are fun. And then, we have a bunch of space stars as well that we've had donate. I don't need a bunch there, too, and then at the end we have some T. Rex and some these are the walrus things tiger and maypi, and that's really cute. So we have goodness, what's that? Maybe 50 nfts that are in the bank that I used? Ii used about 30 or 40 last year at the Las Vegas Conference for people making wallets. I would give them one but we all we have to do is another campaign for people to donate their NF. T's and and we'll get a bunch more. So we have a big stock of these timer that you know we should be able to use for for these kind of adventures. Sick? Yeah. One question I have is like how so? What I don't want it to be is this like

TMR.ERG: to call the airdrop hunters, you know, and and just have people come in and then leave. give, give, give them, give them a locked lock locked tokens. That's not a bad idea. I'm also wondering about how we get people from other ecosystems to come in and like, Do this? You know, I thought of like, oh, we'll just like reward people coming over from Cardano through Rosenbridge. I'm not sure how how soon other bridges would be active, or whatever or if there's other ideas you have people, I mean, everyone's just like kind of in their bubble and doesn't play nice.

Grayman: We really need this idea of The Qx. Mentioned at the start. We're gonna pay Mg. Pi. 4, or whatever to be integrated into the mobile wallets. We need mobile wallet development, because in the end, when you're talking about people coming over from Cardano. Whatever it is. I mean, there's one issue, which is, are you on the sexes? Which has been a a big point of discussion for a long time, and that can make Price run, which is why people are excited about it. But in the end, I mean, is that really what we're after is a bunch of people owning erg on cracking. Now we're we want them to get the wallet. And so to some extent, if you get people, if you do an airdrop, what do they do? They go and they get whatever they go and get nautilus, they get the thing they sell it. And then what have you done? They they're left. They don't wanna keep track of their keys, or any of that type of crap they are really bought in. It's true that if you gave them something that is locked that that might keep them, but only if there's other stuff going on, if that if that unlocked at a certain timeframe which would be shortly thereafter, like maybe a month later. but not years later. and keep them interested, and then have that unlock maybe a key to something else in the ecosystem. That's more more involving. Yeah. And you know, you gotta you gotta like, get people on those wallets. Those wallets have to be smooth. and I tell you the android one, it's it's starting to show its age a little, but it still works beautifully for me. And it's open source, right? So you want to talk about front end? Dev. you know, a lot of people are thinking about this web. 3 style, but just Android and iphone ios. Programming is where it's at. If you want to get the most people.

TMR.ERG: Yeah, II liked your comment about keeping like having a sustained type of thing. I was, I was imagining also, like, maybe doing it in serial like, okay, on this week. It's duck pools on this week. It's cyberverse on this week. It's it's whatever

Grayman: that way. It's like a long term kind of thing. And then, after a while, then we like, oh, and now we have these total boxes where you could get your golden nft. That would that would offer you some rewards. That's that's how greasy sex works. Right? It's just like, sustain the interest. Right? You gotta build it up. And if people jump in on the on the third part of the mission. They're like, Oh, shit! I missed these earlier, too, and then they go back and look at that. But now they they they try and participate more snowballs if you can, if you can get it going. I think we got a lot of new users with that second greasy sex mission.

No.

TMR.ERG: yeah. So a any ideas you all have about like involving different projects would would be really helpful.

II am now also, Erdos like the the

TMR.ERG: a Twitter person, and

Grayman: wait

TMR.ERG: the telegram Channel owner. So just like. alright. So you know.

Grayman: I'll come and ask about the history.

qx(): Are you in air, Doge Whale Durburg? I only have 2,000 Erdos

TMR.ERG: so, and I had not very much, and the the liquidity is so small. It's like you can't really get it. Not gonna spend 50 art on that.

qx(): So so hey, maybe we need to talk about that next week as well. I don't want to overburden this week with a bunch of shit to do. But maybe next week we talk about  Our priority lists of what we think the most important project, at least interface is outside of ergo for newcomers coming in, and then we divert money to that. So if that's what people think is the mobile wallet. Then we go from there or we talk to we talk to the Nautilus team and say, You know, what funding do you need to develop an amazing mobile wallet? And we go from there and then at least, we have 2 mobile wallets, one older one that's ergo mobile, and one do our fancy not a less wallet kind of mobile. So I think I mean, honestly, I think Mr. Stelfield is around. but he hasn't developed in a long time on the wallet, and there was that issue with losing access to Ios and him hitting a roadblock with Ios wanting the apple store, wanting to have all purchases done through their connection, which is weird because other wallets did it. So I was reaching out to Dan, tried to get the connection to like Vesper to talk to them, to see how they did it, but I guess I was go through husky. Next. I think Dan is busy with that. But anyway, so the main point is, yeah, II personally think our way forward is if either somebody completely takes over the ergom mobile wallet as Grayman said, it's open source, or we interface with nautilus, and we see what it's gonna take to bring them to Mobile and go from there. Did did he ask for permission or forgiveness from Apple? They came down on him hard and they blocked his last update. So there's an update in the pipe at at on the app store that he can't push. And I think he eventually pulled down because they denied it. But I think, yeah, II think it's half of a misunderstanding honestly. But then Mr. Still, figure is not too much around anymore. So so I don't think it's a priority there, at least, so it's gotta be a priority for us if we wanna for this. So maybe something to think about in the shower this week. and then, if I think about it this week, I'll ping Captain Nemo and see what he thinks is needed, and what his timeline is for that. And if money could increase that timeline kind of thing sometimes, that helps right? I mean, I gotta think that quality mobile devs are gonna want money?

Grayman:  probably there's a shitload of them right? Just saying.

qx(): Yeah, I wonder? I mean, yeah, yeah. alright cool. Anybody got anything else. We're 12 min over. I feel awful for keeping you this late on a Sunday, especially St. Patty's Day. Imagine how drunk you could all be right now if we stop 12 min ago. Is anybody Irish here? I don't want to make assumptions. he said. Yes.

Marc: I would have never guessed Mark.

qx(): Oh, my God, that's hilarious.

Marc: Yeah, because we're over time and everything. But I did write a big, long thing about maybe making a documentary. I think it'd be a really cool idea just to kind of play around with. Obviously. you know, big undertaking, I've never made a movie anything like that, but I think it'd be great to kind of. Because I think each person here, maybe, and another folks have a different sort of perspective. And then with through these all pre perspectives can kind of shine a light. I wanna ergo is where it's been, where it is now, where it's going, and then sort of like in the mindset of dumb money or not financial advice, you know, I think, could bring. you know, a lot of people onboarded, or at least just the an ability just to kind of say, Hey, this is what it is. This is a community built thing, etc. So maybe check out those movies if you haven't watched it. And then maybe we can talk about it next week.

Grayman: Have you seen the ergo creation? Youtube? Video.

Marc: Oh, no, I haven't. So I'll definitely check out your link. Thank you.

Grayman: It's like 3 min long that. But the Creator did a spectacular job. And then there was a follow up one about discovery, and then there were supposed to be 2 more chapters, and that Guy's name life of if a super person. I don't know what his deal is

lost contact with him. A long time ago, before I got on to

Grayman: to discord, I talked to him. Someone really liked him. But and his work is go look, I'll send you links.

Marc: Awesome. Yeah, thank you. And and and I think it's like super helpful, for it's like, you know. You see, some folks like the day in the live. Why, they're doing it again, very similar to those movies that I mentioned, and I and I think, like, even when I was on the airplane coming back from Florida. You know, I see these older folks watching these movies. And it's like, you know, they're watching it. And then, or you know, it's just like exposes. I think, a huge audience. If we had something like that again. I know it's probably a lot to do, and that sort of thing, but I think it would be worth at least discussing it and kind of like. maybe workshopping sort of. But yeah, the whole idea. Because again, I just think, like, if we were able to, you know. instead of like, you know, pointing to this paper, pointing to this point to this, we used to be like, Hey, look at this like, you know, long form content. You know that you can digest, and we can sort of mold into whatever versus you know. Sort of all these different sort of

Grayman: yeah show the human show the human. I would totally be interested in a podcast. There was one like a long time ago, like early 2021.

TMR.ERG: yeah, II would be interested in that. And well, because it's really hard to like communicate. Why, ergo, you know, like, you actually have to know a lot about blockchain and about crypto and the history of it, and like all the pitfalls to like, actually appreciate. You know, there's a lot of like training you have to do for new people in order to to understand, like W. You know, who gives a shit? But II think that's there's something there.

Grayman: gotta come up with a narrative. And and the one that mark we're out there this morning is a really good skeleton for it. Yeah, it's gotta be really fleshed out. But hell, yeah, like, share the human side of why people care like, you know, like, look at this group of people right here, I mean, or take any chat about. Ergo, there's a lot of really smart people that give a shit about this, and we're putting in a time and effort into articulate, able to explain themselves and have done so on video with lots of clips that can be assembled. But also you have to assemble them into a narrative, into a story that takes the watcher from the beginning to the end, and not 3 min. But probably, you know, 45 to an hour that y burgo that's hard to do. And you know, then, of course, if they're really interested, they could go and read the ergo, manifesto and and he analyzed it in detail. But but why should they do that? Why should I read these 2 pages that this guy link to me. I got a lot of shit to do right, especially if I'm a Solona developer, not making money right. Why should I give a shit about this. so give give them a reason to sit down while they're having a beer, or, you know, whatever listening to it on the on the way to to work riding a train like whatever it is, but make it so that it's personally engaging. And and somebody gets the idea why, we're all doing this shit.

Marc: Yeah, exactly. And I think, like the graphics. You know, those are so easy like. And again, in those movies, they kind of just break down like, what is the blockchain, or like, you know, in in down money. They kind of explain what a short squeeze is, and that's kind of a complicated subject. But they use these graphics and everything to kind of map that to that. And then. So I think we had like, like, you're saying that story. But then we also had these visuals kind of overlaid. On top of that it would be very easy, I hopefully. I'm sure a lot of work to create. But the idea is, you know, to make something that is super complex, and then unravel it so that it is easy to understand, and then that on boards. All these people people get inspired, and so on, so forth. Hopefully, it's a big endeavor, but it would be. It would be a huge score

Grayman: if you could make that work like that like, there's a lot of thought has to go into that narrative and into the details of just writing it especially because you're gonna have to pour over many, many hours like you gotta get our menu. And they're talking about the Scarface index and all this other shit, and you've gotta have. You gotta stitch that together in a way that you don't confuse the viewer if they're new to all this stuff. And then, in a way that by the time that they're going down there, and they're thinking about that stuff that they've already had the part of the story told that they need to understand that. And that's a lot of work, and and and also visually interesting the whole way. You need a good score telling you, man we get this life of infid. II don't know where he is or where he's at. I haven't heard from him in a long time that guy is fucking pro, and he would make this sing visually and and the audio. So

TMR.ERG: yeah, I like it, man, I am interested in contributing to that. I like, I said. It's hard for me to have time, but I'm I'm like my skill to give is writing and coming up with things and explaining complicated topics simply. So I'm down to contribute. But I also like I run a school. And so it's like fuck. I don't know. It's hard.

Marc: totally. Well, we, I think you know. Maybe the first step is kind of like outline, some things to kind of talk about and then refine that. And then maybe we can give like sub sections to people. So then it's like, Okay, you know, you talk about like the first little bit. And as and as long as I think I would think as long as we have the vision kind of figured out, then we can kind of democratize, or the the tidbit, so to speak. And then it's just a matter of like compiling everything together.  but but yeah, that that would be very cool. And then the the one idea is like, maybe we fund some sort of trailer. and then, if the community likes it, then we could put in a raffle to help

Grayman: fund the full length thing or even ask the foundation to fund it, or whatever. I'm not really sure about funding. But again, I think there's a bunch of possibilities in that beard. You totally look like a movie producer to be. Let's do it.

TMR.ERG: I'm wondering if we could kind of be smart about the process here, where where maybe we do like just small podcasts, like like little episodes first and like, let that be the bones of something bigger. You know, I mean, like, do 2 things at once. So so like, okay, yeah, like, let's, let's hop on a podcast and just like. do the thing. Do do the go, you know, hammer out the points that we want to make in this bigger video, which is just like kind of chapter by chapter, and then we, you know, we have that captured. And then so we could just like then give it to like our filmmaker, or whatever. And then they would just have all the audio clips they would need.

Marc: Absolutely. II think that's very smart, definitely, because, like, we'll share, you know, I could hop on a 30 min call like once a week, or something like that. That would be cool.

Grayman: Yeah, if you have a if you already have a defined idea of what you're gonna talk about. And so it plays out to this narrative of this story that you're writing, because right now, what we have is just an enormous amount of material. That is well, what we have to write about, right? But it's not a narrative. It's just. It's too much for anybody to digest, even if you're part of the community. So like digesting that for people would require some time and effort and a podcast would be a pretty good way to play that out. Because you you take away from all of the visual aspects of it. You focus all on the on the text, the the speech, the the narrative, and and that's a good way to do it. You also get a decent amount of interview material, and you also get a a feedback mechanism to tell you if you screwed up, and if you need to adjust the narrative, pitch it into a final story, and presumably, since we all own the content to this, and you'd have to get the rights clearances from people to blah. Blah blah! I mean, it's gonna be pretty easy to get that because we're gonna be taking it from people that are on board. I think you know. Yeah, this is a great idea. But it's a lot of work. Take a lot of time, and I think that that Tim are. Suggestion is a good way to get started. I I'll hit you up tomorrow, Bill, DM, or whatever, maybe talking Sig chat about, what would this narrative look like the 3 of us? And and and and let let the peanut gallery chime in.

TMR.ERG: Yeah, I'm kind of imagining like, if we just kind of had some major topics. And then, just like underneath, people could just like, Oh, like, what about this like? Here's this blog post that would make a relevant conversation, you know, and and that would populate probably really quickly. And then we'd have ammo for like 50 podcasts.

Grayman: Yeah, absolutely. And and I think, too, since, like

Marc: my perspective, too, since I haven't really been super involved with, like the community I can ask like those dump questions, I'll be like, so what does this mean? Where you guys? But it's yeah, it's a very beginner mindset. You know what I mean versus like, you know, finding somebody that's optimized for a given solution. They've done this so many times. This is the way that this is the way it's done. You know I can ask those sort of dumb questions. You know we can, you know, in in that sort of thing. I think that'd be valuable for somebody who has no sort of idea about what ergo is, and then it'll help me learn obviously as well. so yeah, I think the podcast thing would be really good idea. And I would be definitely open to that. Maybe me and timber, we can host it, and we can have we can host it together sometimes, just you and I, and then we can bring on some other folks kind of occasionally again asking these questions and that sort of thing. Would you guys think

TMR.ERG: that sounds cool to me? Dude?

Grayman: Yeah. And I don't. I don't know you

TMR.ERG: at all, really. So it would be fun to like, just get to know you. That'd be fun. I think we should do absolutely.

Marc: Absolutely.

Grayman: I'm gonna I'm gonna pass host off. I gotta go. I'm gonna pass those off, though.

Marc: Well.

TMR.ERG: alright, yeah, III gotta run. Also I have training it just a little bit. Just wanna point out, Major, good point, yeah, video editing and stuff like I do within, we'd be like, find the person to do that. And then we just like, here's all this content. And you know we can talk with them through it. But like somebody have to be the one to stitch it all together.

Marc: for sure, and II know somebody one of my best friends he does as a drone company. He's made content for apple TV and that sort of thing. So we would definitely have to pay him. But I could talk to him, see if he'd be interested. And then II think he definitely would be interested. But of course, if you guys have other people as well, we can certainly. Run those options. You don't have to, necessarily, you know. Decide now.

TMR.ERG: that's a problem for 3 episodes. And

Grayman: oh, and also before we leave, shout out to the ef for the donation. Right? I mean, that is a vote of confidence, a $60,000 vote of confidence. Too bad the Qx. Already left. But you know, great big round of applause for all of us. But yeah, thank you. Ef alright, I'm gonna go see you all later.

TMR.ERG: Yeah. Good chatting guys.

Marc: Least.
