+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: April 7, 2024'
date = '2024-04-08T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

Cannon: What's up? Fellas?

qx(): What's up, gentlemen?

qx(): We can hear everything that's going on in Cannons House. This is a background from awesome. Ergo. let me show you there's a right here. This is a repository. It's been around forever. And There's somebody's an asshole. Who the hell there do that? Oh, that's terrible! So there's some fun stuff in here like that. like promotional stuff that you can use. That's interesting. And then there's their Logos. Of course these are all the Logos, the orange, the black. the filled, all those good ones, and then there are. Where did I get this from? Memes and visual arts? Maybe these are like Super old. They're great like this one. I'm sure you guys have seen this around somewhere.

Cannon: Yup back before our test. Matt rubbed us. Yeah.

qx(): And then there's this, I like this one that's pretty cool. And then this one, I think, is this one. Let's see, yeah, that one that's the full image that you're seeing and my background. So it's rocket tails, trails super cool.

Cannon: Hey? Fun! Fact about rockets those of you who aren't in the Us. The Baltimore Bridge. When that freightliner ran into it. The force from that was more than NASA Rocket launching.

qx(): Wow!

Cannon: Yeah. so.

qx(): Did it move? The did it move the pillar? It ran into it all.

Cannon: It shook it enough to, you know. Destabilize it, for sure.

qx(): Are, yeah.

Cannon: that's one of the big concerns. Here we have a lot. We have a lot of we have a few locks and dams and whatnot, and we run barges. But a lot of them are, you know, coal and shit like that. It's not like, you know. big ocean containers. But yeah, they they have huge pylons in front of our Major, you know, trusses that are going into the ground. Yeah, this one didn't. But I don't think it would matter if you had one or not. You'd need a iceberg in front of it. I mean those.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Sway, so much.

qx(): There's a lot of stuff in here that's funny. That's not what Yasha looks like, whatsoever that must have been like crazy 13 cool alright who we got here. Austin, you're awake. We could have done the Am. A right now. I guess he's not really awake alright. Who wants to go first ken you got some news.

Cannon: no, let's just start at the top real quick on the document. our go go is up for vote to be a Sig.

qx(): Let's see, is that that's still active. That should be active a little bit longer.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): I think I made it middle of the week. Let me go. Let me go to the down. share it so everybody can see. There we go. Okay? 2. Do we miss any? Let's see. that was the last one. Then that pass. Oh, yeah, is that in the is that in the the plans today to talk about.

Cannon: What is? I'm sorry.

qx(): This right here the 27,500 year mark for rare evo inductors.

Cannon: Yeah, I had it on last time, I think. But it passed. Yeah, how do you wanna.

qx(): Handle that. Did you volunteer.

Cannon: I can. Yeah.

qx(): What was the deal you'd you want us to send you the stuff and you deal with it? Or are you waiting.

Cannon: No, I'll I'll post it in, and then send the token.

qx(): Oh, okay, you'll use your own stuff you're saying.

Cannon: Yeah, I don't. Wanna I don't wanna have. you know. blah blah community funds, phones.

qx(): Then you'll just send us the profit that it made.

Cannon: No what you can do. I I did this with Crass when they had. They were. They were having some issues with the tokens, and being in the same wallet as Lp. Tokens from spectrum. causing it issues. And so I sent him some of my tokens, so I can you get back same as like an lp token out of spectrum. Right? That's duct pools. And then I send that to the Treasury.

qx(): Okay, then we have to. Yep.

Cannon: And then you guys just send me back the you know.

qx(): Gotcha. Okay. Cool.

Cannon: That's about the only clean way to do it.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, no, that sounds great. Okay? So we have more. Let's see, active. We have. He has. Am I missing? When did end? It's there's no date here where it ends. Is it? 4, 13? Right there, that's when it's active, but that's not when it ends. which she should put when it ends, so it ends up.

Cannon: They don't. Yeah, so they don't have that on there ever anywhere.

qx(): Let's make it a day early I was making a day after the auction. The the rat, the vote is over. So on 412, I think, is the last day to vote for. Ergogo. and yeah, for those who don't know he has made. Let's see if it's still up. He was redoing his server. Yeah, I don't think it's up right now, but he's been helping out a lot with with the Sig Mining pool which is great built. He's building his own dash, and he's hosting Mark's dash. So that's pretty cool. Alright sorry what else was in the agenda. Let me go to it. Are you updating it right now, sir? Yeah. alright see. Can't trust nobody yet. Ergogo. Still up until 4 slash! 12.

Cannon: Just put it down on the votes that are pending.

qx(): Oh, perfect! Thank you.

Cannon: Yeah, that's that one I really did more. For like, if there's any new intros. okay, like, if any new sync cans are in the grove. Yep.

qx(): Perfect, great.

Cannon: Some.

qx(): I agree, semi signal out. Let's talk to anybody. Have any questions about Sigma. Ken you had a I responded to your question there And just to put into words, I spoke with mg, pi, and he stated that him and Luca have a co-writing audit kind of policy that they that they work on. But I totally agree. I mean. it's it's a little bit different. If a whole different team looks at it so that might be something we want to look into if this passes as far as that goes.

Cannon: I mean, I was just thinking, have Crass give it a once over? It should be like fully documented, so that we can.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: So that it's been looked at by somebody separate from the team. Kind of thing.

qx(): Yep, good idea. But if if you guys can't tell what I'm trying to do here is trying to make revenue streams for the Sigs. So right now we have 2 2 revenue streams. If these, if this goes, we'll have, we'll have this that hopefully people will use, and we'll have what's it called? We'll have Sigs mining pool at the Point, so I think I have about 10 ergs. I think, from the Sig Mining Pool profits that I need to pump into the treasury so far. But stuff like that that I'm trying to. you know, just trying to get stuff that'll sustain the Sigs. And from yesterday I was thinking like I was on the the almost enough Twitter call before it got into a frosty bashing, and I had to go eat dinner. I remember almost enough now from those days. He was very vocal about Frosty, which was good But anyway. So I was thinking, you guys are talking about Ken, and I think you brought up and maybe Sis as well brought up What's the Sky harbor, and I was thinking, you know, I mean, why.

Cannon: Yup, that's down. I have that down there. It's not like spiked out. But yeah, I have that down on discussion items.

qx(): So my thought is, why do we Are those kind of things where we know they don't have the support to be able to do it. and an option B, that we take some of our. So the beauty of Sky Harbor is that they built the contract so anybody could use them so technically, we could build server, infrastructure and a front end, and use their smart contracts and have Sig Harbor, or whatever we wanted to, and then maybe Sky Harbor at that point would continue on or join us in the development effort of that. The the main issue that Sky harbor suffers from night. Right now is their Cdn. Is too goddamn expensive. Ccdn is content. Delivery network. So what happens is they're everything coming from Ipfs where all the images are held for nfts. It's it sucks. I mean, it's it's slow. Okay? And what happens, too, is if you're trying to pull too many from one thing at a time. Then your portal into the ipfs, depending on who you're gonna use just denies it, and maybe makes you do a kapacha. That's an one thing I run into with Nautilus. I have to go in right click, load image, do, kapacha. Then they show up sometimes if I try to double them, you know. View them too fast. So that's the issue right now is when you go to Sky Harbor. Everything's trying to load through there, and it's probably, you know. triggering some sort of response from the provider, and it's giving you no images which is awful for an Ft marketplace. Right? So that's not something, at least at this level. It's not something that's too difficult to do. As far as you know, we make a front end that interacts with the smart contracts. You know, for as little traffic as they're there at the moment, we could probably spin up our own stack and have a script that goes out and grabs the images and stores them locally on their own hard drive as far as that goes. That's what auction house does. I believe I believe they sync from ipfs after an nft is uploaded and created, and stores it locally on this actual web server as opposed to using some sort of CD content delivery network. Third party that costs a bunch of money. So that I I was gonna jump on and say that. But I had to go to dinner. But that's my thought with those kind of things. If we see a product, a product that is struggling and we know is not going to maybe be updating in a while. And we think it's important. Then I think that's a perfect opportunity for the Sigs to take that open sourceness of the smart contracts. Hell! Maybe even if we chat with them, they'll give us the interface, too. If that's open source, too. But I I you know a lot of times they keep their front ends close. I don't know about Sky Harbor, though. But I I think that's a perfect opportunity. And then even then you could on the ui cause it's not written in the smart contracts, I believe. On the ui you could put in a fee, for you know this, the Sigma's server hosting it as well. So then you could. Sigma Nots could have a Third Revenue stream there. From people listing and selling and buying nfts.

Cannon: Our service.

qx(): My rambling there. Sorry go ken.

Cannon: Yes. So just to touch on Sky Harbor. So the field that I'm starting up. Kras is doing the smart contracts quote is doing the site like basic site, so that we can have an Mvp. By the end of May. I've asked them specifically about the issues in Sky harbor Sisyphus. Brought it up, and I think oh, somebody else was as well talking about cyber, you know, and stuff just not loading. And and it got into, hey? The cost is expensive. And so I said, done like, I'm gonna figure out a way to get it done. The. So there's 2 things what you're talking about loading them right? Basically caching images locally. The other option I'm brought up. It's above my pay grade. But I've already started the conversation, and they're very open to it, and it is not expensive. is using flux. They can create a data pool for us that we can put all images into that is ours. All nfts ever created in ergo are there.

qx(): What costs.

Cannon: It ain't $600 a month. I don't know the cost yet. It. It's gonna depend on terabytes. but they want they want projects. they said, We'll support you. We're doing 100 other things. But we would love to support this. If you know, you guys get serious about it.

qx(): We could also pay auction house for a link. Feed from them, too, since they're caching them.

Cannon: Yeah, possibly. But I mean, that site has its own issues, like it was bugged out for 2 and a half weeks. You couldn't even use the damn thing.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, I hear you.

Cannon: I mean, like it sounds.

qx(): So issues, yeah.

Cannon: So you know, I mean, anyway, Skyba Harbor has issues right. But it's it's what cybers connected to. It's what Blitz is using. So let's be honest, those are the 2 that are gonna sell right now. So what do we do to get it right? And that's in my head, the goal. so I'm gonna be putting something out this week. that effectively is like war bonds. I mean, from like back in World War 2, every country was doing them. 2550, or whatever anyone can do. you will get paid back in interest. You will get your funds back. It's going into a smart contract going into a dow. That money literally is gonna get minted into Sig usd those herbs, or whatever you send in, get minted into Sig Usd to increase total log value and then put on duck pools because people are borrowing it like F and crazy. And then you're gonna get paid one or 2 a month, just depending on what that ratio is that duck pulls is paying out. And then, you know, I mean, it's basically I mean, it's the same as a war bond. It's a sacrifice. Right? Yeah, you're gonna miss out if her pumps. But we need to start getting interest so that we can start doing some of this stuff.

qx(): And what's stopping people just from saying, oh, I'm just gonna convert to Sig Usd and go to duck polls myself for 98.

Cannon: You can. No one's doing it. I put out a tweet. 1,000 people saw it. Everyone knows that the interest rates 125, and it went down $3,000. It was at 97, 8, or 97, 4 when I did the Tweet on it earlier this week.

qx(): Oh, more people loaned, you mean? Oh, you're down here, you mean they.

Cannon: No, there's $94,000 in there right now. It was 96 97,000 on it tweeted people are pulling out.

qx(): That's funny.

Cannon: The minute you add, people borrow it back out like instantly.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, this price for sure. You don't blame them, I guess.

Cannon: So anyone? that's that's my question. What's up.

Sisyphuspush: Hey, guys. I I just wanna say, I love the idea of the bonds. And you know anything that the community can get behind to support elements of the ecosystem that are lacking when it comes to Sky Harbor Auction house. I'm always been partial to nfts in that part of the ecosystem. Since I kinda got back into it. I spent a lot of time in cyberverse just because, being a while being gone for so long. You kind of get a fresh set of eyes at you know what things were and where they are now. and that's one of the teams that really impressed me the most with their resiliency during this market, and not only that, and how they built their community. and they're at a point right now where I would argue they are bringing in more people from other ecosystems than any other project. and having things like Sky Harbor. where they can't get these assets without. you know, running into this bottleneck puts a hindrance on those efforts, and when we talk about real world, use cases and reaching out and bringing people into the ecosystem. These things are vital. And this is what's happening when the you know when when the rubber meets the asphalt, and if I can bring anything to the 6. It's that end user perspective. I don't understand all the ins and outs, but I can see what's in front of me. I can see how easy it is to use, and I can see you know what other people are going through as they're trying to get on board into the ecosystem. So I do love that ideal. I also love the idea of of focusing on the parts of the ecosystem that are actively bringing in other users. Blitz is gonna be doing the same thing. And those are 2 projects right there that can really be cornerstones of an ergo, ecos ecosystem that is expanding. That's all I gotta say about that. Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: I echo that obviously, I mean, I just I look at those 2 games and say, I mean Blitz, the the game play when we last played it. I don't remember if you were there since or not, but there was only like 5 or 6 ever assigned to bail early, but I got to play with it before I bailed it works. It's still buggy, but I mean he was testing out different features. Pete. It may or may not be a smash hit, but I think it gives people something to do with their nfts. I mean, that's what's cool right? Like it actually gives you something to do with your wallet. Same thing as cyber, right? Like, it gives you something to do. Besides, just yeah, yeah, I bought some stuff on my phone. It's sitting there, you know, or it's on my, you know, desktop or laptop, or whatever you know, it's those are the things that are cool to me.

Sisyphuspush: So it's it's in 3 ways into the ecosystem, you know, since I've started getting more into side reverse and in their tokens I've spent a lot more time on crux finance. You know. I spend a lot more time on spectrum. You know. I'm I'm I'm spending more times in the other parts of the ecosystem that that kind of play off of each other, you know, for their success. And and I think we also need to see it from the builders perspective as well. When we look at these issues with these 2 projects specifically, Sky Harbor, or mostly Sky Harbor. If you look at trying to list like one of their generation. 3 nfts right now. or one of their recent apartments, or many other assets that got released since the new eip upgrade for nfts. They're only getting 2.2% royalties for anything sold rather than 5%. And that's over 90% reduction in in royalties that they rely on to support that project. And if you look at at the volume of Sky Harbor alone, it it's almost all cyber citizens. Everything related to cyber citizens is the volume that that site is incurring and gaining some sort of profits off of, and the team can't get the profits that are rightfully owed to them, and every nft sale that happens. th that's profits that they're gonna be lock losing every single transaction. Who would wanna build in an ecosystem that don't have those elements to support them, and that's for not just them. But other artists, too, have complained about that, and it's falling on deaf ears. And I can understand. Maybe you know, things being slow from the end user perspective. But when you have builders, whether they be artists, developers, or whoever in the ecosystem that wanna build here. That should be a priority.

qx(): By whom?

Sisyphuspush: Priority. By whom? Yeah. those that you know are trying to identify areas that are bottlenecks. Us, you know those that are concerned with, you know, the user experience as people are coming onto. Ergo, we all want more people to be on, ergo, you know. And and rightfully so d Phi takes, you know, front seat to that. But at the same time, you know. when we're talking about onramps, it's not just about, you know, sexes. It's not just about bridges. It's about experiences. and I believe personally. that gaming is could be a huge part of that. and I see it every single day in their server. You spend one day, 2 days in their server, and see how many people come in, or asking, Where do I buy this in ft. Where do I buy this token? What wallet do I download? These are new users who today are playing a game tomorrow are providing liquidity to spectrum. You know, it's it's these types of onramps that I think you know, focus should be. And it's clearly a bottleneck to that end. User experience.

qx(): Alright. Let's write a proposal, then let's fix it. Let's let's write a draft a couple ways with maybe Canon's method of using a data pool in flux. or else another method of taking it over completely for us and copying it essentially and go from there. Let's fix it. I think it's important, too. I mean auction house. That's not it. Right? There go auctions. It's clunky. It's an amazing tool, but it is clunky as fuck sometimes like with stuff loading, and sometimes how they show what's supposed to be. Let's see like sometimes it's confusing about what it, what you're buying and what you're not buying. Yeah, let's see. Sure you guys are familiar with this. Like auction coins very actually tricky to to navigate like, come on load. yeah, they fix this thankfully. But, like, what are all these? This is like not too self-explanatory about. You're putting all these old auctions that you can scroll through, I get it. But yeah, this is this is, you're right, guys, this is more like, what it's gearing up to be is what it's an ebay, not just a nft site. which is great. But yeah, alright. Who wants to help? Sis? You want to help.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah, I'm down to help in any capacity that I'm capable.

qx(): Alright, let's do it. I still have the the security framework that I have to finish. for suggestion. I have to grab mark to get the bots that he uses. I think that's the last part that I have to finish. And then I'll distribute that to the people. But then we can work on this. Yeah. Hq wants to help as well. Fantastic. great. So I. What's that?

Cannon: For the security stuff. Doom troll is great. He set up all my stuff for the field.

qx(): Oh, great! Okay, let me ping him, too.

Cannon: All of it, like I mean, he has basic stuff he does, and how he sets it up, and things you can't see and can see, you know, that kind of crap. Perfect sounds.

qx(): Fantastic. I'll post that in here before anything else, and then comments, and then we can put it on our website and send it to all the projects as a suggested security framework for their discords and tellys awesome. Alright, sis, yeah, Sis and Hq. Are in. That's great. I think it's, I think it's I agree. I think it's very important. I think we need to spend our money to potentially make money. So and plus yeah.

Cannon: So that's gonna be you you guys don't know it yet, but that's me part of my ask. I mean, I wanna do that infrastructure bond thing. I wanna just live off of interest, and the money's there. You can pull them out every 6 months or a year or something. I'm not really sure yet what the construct will be. But I'm basically gonna ask for matching grants. So like if if it if you know. 5,000 erg is collected, then the 6 are contributing 10% on top of that or some bonus. On top of that, I'm gonna go to Ergo Foundation. I just think we lack an infrastructure. Now that says like, we're talking about fucking. Fix it like, let's go, you know. Here's the money. Go fix it. You're saying, it's a problem. We see it. It's a problem. It's a public infrastructure for too many projects to be relying on something. It's not functioning properly. That could be wallets. It could be all kinds of stuff. But I want it to where we're generating like a thousand seg. Usd. A month that we can start just as a now separate from the 6 just throwing stuff at, and things can give proposals to it. But I just, you know. that's you know. that's what I'm thinking.

Coffee: I'm actually glad you said well, it's Canon, because that that that reminded me about that eternal wallet idea I'd thrown out a few weeks back. Qx, did you? Did you have any luck? And getting feedback from Stallger got a game and said, Shit right. About that idea.

qx(): About which one.

Coffee: Basically integrating like an eternal style gap. Oh, yeah, Mark's place for lack of better terms.

qx(): Yeah. So so ergo, mobile has something Mrs. Stealth ever made called mosaic. and any Dp can pretty much plug into it without even needing to ask Mr. Stealthier. So it's there. People just need to write to it. So if you guys have some things, yep, exactly. Hq. if you guys have some ideas that you want integrated into mosaic. Then write a proposal and find a dev and see how much they'll charge to do it kind of thing. And I I think that's important, too. But the one thing I'm worried about worried about is Mr. Stealth ever is. You know, he hasn't develop the he hasn't done anything to the wallet in gosh knows how long, right? So he's kind of either out of it, because the demand isn't there, or just he's pissed at the roadblock that apple store has put in front of him. and I've tried to get past that roadblock. I tried to get a hold of I'll ask Dan again, but that'll be the third time to hook me up with somebody from Vesper or some other wallet that he's close with. I think he's close with Vesper. then I went to Husky and asked him, and I think he forgot classic husky. So maybe I'll ask Husky again to remind him to hook me up with the vesper guys. Because they're obviously getting through it. But Mr. Stealth figure says the app store wants you to do every single purchase through them. and I think it's something like, since you're since you're minting Sig Usd in the back end. I don't think it was nfts. I think it was Sig Usd you. They want the purchase to go through their app store so they can make a percentage off it.

Coffee: Oh, you mean, like the 30, the 30%. Yeah, the 30% gouge you like, you stupid bastards.

qx(): I know. So that even means if we integrate like a decks inside of we paid integrated decks inside of ergo, mobile is the same thing gonna happen? But I don't. Does anybody use Vesper? Do they have swaps in their wallet, I mean, trust wallet of swaps in their wallet, and they're fucking on the app store. They definitely don't go through. You know that 30%. So I don't know. I think it's just maybe a way that it's explained or reviewed, or maybe we got flagged. Who knows? But so that's my question. There, do we do we focus on ergo mobile? Or do we try to champion and help out Minotaur, which is, gonna have a you know, which has mobile versions. You can install the Ios one in a test flight mode, or or if you're a developer, not test flight mode, you can load it yourself. yeah, I think you just have to have X code. what's that?

Cannon: I don't have an iphone, but if that was how it was accessed on Android, I would never use the fucking wallet.

qx(): Yeah. Android is sideload as well. So.

Cannon: I just I think it's trash when it's like that. Sorry.

qx(): Yeah, no, I hear.

Cannon: Looks unprofessional.

qx(): Yeah, totally, I agree. So they're working on the team for minutes, whereas working on that to get that done. So then the question is, do we work on? Do we focus on ergo mobile and use the mosaic framework? And then if Mr. Stealth ever doesn't wanna come back, we hopefully have community members that wanna update and code the wallet itself. Cause, it's all out there. Or do we focus on Minotaur, or we focus on nautilus nautilus's idea, too, is that the framework they'll use hopefully can be used on mobile when they update it. So I I think we're seeing pretty in the future. The question is, what horse do we wanna put our money into? As far as that goes.

Coffee: So that raises a another question, because you brought up an interesting point about trying to champion a different wallet provider. Right? And I know I always keep going back to eternal. What if we get Mr. Stealthrigger and the Minotaur team like we get? We get all our wallet guys together in a partnership or collaboration with eternal. And that way kind of like, how on spectrum, you can flip between the 2 different chains like Cardano and ergo, you can flip, you can do the same thing, and within eternal. And then that way, because I'm pretty sure, and I could be mistaken because I'm you know I'm not an iphone guy but they should be listed on the app store like they've already got their green light so that could give us an N into that environment without actually having to build from the ground up.

qx(): So at least the issue with things like exodus. They don't want to talk to us until we're top 100 period. So I imagine that might be similar to other ones. Why are they gonna in their mind? List? A coin that's What is it like? What what place are we now? 450 seventh? You know why they're gonna list that, and spend all the time to do that. We've seen how long. It takes me to figure out how to use our fucking code base to do what they're supposed to be doing. That would. That would only be my concern. Yeah.

Coffee: For sure. I'm Lisa. I'm just fit following, trying to possibly give us a another avenue. exposure. 1 one where it's hopefully the path of least resistance from well, either side. Really.

qx(): Coffee. There's no, there's nothing stopping you. You should find find the people at at What was the model you said?

Coffee: To turn off.

qx(): Go find eternal, want it, and talk to the guys in the discord, and see if see what their integration costs are, and see what their you know. Their requirements are for that. I mean, yeah, that.

Coffee: For sure.

qx(): It'd be nice to be in a in a mainstream wallet. That's for 100%, for sure. Yeah.

Coffee: Absolutely absolutely. I mean with fuck. We we have what the Metamask plugin now for? Ergo, which pretty fucking awesome. So yeah, I don't know. I'll reach. Yeah. I'll reach out to the internal guys and see what I can get done on that front. Hopefully, it's nothing that the the Seg treasury, I mean, obviously, we'll have to propose and shit. But you know something that we couldn't possibly help fund.

qx(): Yeah, exactly. Yup. yeah. Shit. I mean, what if we I mean, I wonder if we if we went to exit us and said, Hey, 10 grand! If you integrate us. I wonder what would happen? That'd be interesting.

Coffee: I think there's an.

qx(): Price tag on that.

Coffee: Shit might be worth a shot. All I know is, is the more the more walks we have that are outside our yeah. Our own ecosystem. That's just more exposure. People might stumble across and be like, huh! That's a new feature. What the hell, zergo! What is this right? And then kind of builds up from there.

qx(): Yeah, alright. Yeah. I'm looking forward to seeing what you find out. Man.

Coffee: I'll yeah. I'll let the team know.

qx(): Great, great, awesome alright, where we treasury here. How are we doing on the Treasury? You're muted, Kennan.

Cannon: That's the latest that's there on the on the file.

qx(): 29, 5, 2, 5, erg.

Cannon: Go back. That's it. Yep.

qx(): 29, 5, 2, 5, okay, fourth, 4,000,163, 20. So guys, we have not been. do we want to, you know. not liquidy. But do you want to, you know, maybe move some of our tokens over to erg just? Or do we have enough? Ergon we are sitting, and it's too low to do that. What are people's thoughts for that.

Cannon: I was wondering if we're gonna do anything with spectrum. If we're not gonna liquidate it, why aren't we putting it as a pair and farming it, at least getting something out of it.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe. Like, take a couple of 1,000 erg for each pair and pump it into a pool. That's a great idea, canon. Okay, cool. Fuck it. That's a good way to start, but that again. That would involve trusting you as well. Same thing you're doing. You send the liquidity tokens to the multi Sig wallet. Yeah, free tokens. Yeah. Okay, so what do we have? We can do that with Spf and I'd be wary about doing it with greasy sex, because there are people that I think I'm one of the top one or 2 whales, but I think there'd be people that as soon as the Lp. Cranked up. Maybe I don't know, Austin, what do you think about that? Do you think there's risk? If the sigs do that with Gcx.

MB/AM: I think that whoever donated the Gcx gave it to the 6 to do whatever they feel like they need to do with it, and if they want to convert it to her.

qx(): No, no, no, you're not listening, are you, sir? Is your wife talking to you?

MB/AM: No, no! What's that?

qx(): We're talking about taking ergs and making and bolstering the liquidity pairs of these 3 tokens.

MB/AM: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I see. I see. I see.

qx(): And my question is, do you think there's an there's enough holders that won't just cash out once they see the liquidities up there, or is it, gonna you know, or I guess I mean, liquidity is a long term game, right? If we have trust in greasy sex, then people may cash out now. But in the future they're gonna buy back. So we should, you know, in theory, even out there

MB/AM: It should, to be honest, I mean, I think there's been pretty good kind of back and forth trading on it in the last few months to where I think there is probably holders. But I mean, I don't think that anybody is really holding because of no liquidity. I think they're just speculating on at this time. But the next mission which we'll talk about later today is in part kind of has to do with liquidity for Gcx, too. So it's not a bad idea to kind of wait and see how that goes. I would think, before you did that.

qx(): Alright. And then my question, too, is, what if you know other teams see this Padia vote that we're putting up. and they're like, oh, shit! If I put. you know, half a million tokens in the 6 treasure. They're gonna front up the ergs for the the Liquidity Pool. So how do we? How do we have at least clear definitions of why we're doing? Why would we propose that, I think, before we even proposed it. So do we have requirements of what makes us feel like we need to. You know that we're gonna do this, is it because object unobjectively. We're we're looking at projects. And we're saying, Thc is a promising project. Spf, obviously is greasy. Sex is a promising project. So we choose to bolster projects that we see that you know they're active development, that they're actively having. You know, public discourse and active in their socials like we, we probably need something like that, so that, like we don't get 50 million penis with with hats kind of tokens in there, and they expect us to put liquidity into it again. That's gonna that's gonna piss people off, I'm sure, because they're gonna be like, well.

Cannon: Yeah, now, we're gonna.

qx(): Project.

Cannon: I was only looking at it for doing something with the Spf. Thc. If we dump it, it craters the project. But Spf! We could liquidate it monthly, or we could put some of it paired up with her and earn on the farm. I think it's like 2830% kind of thing.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, I'm just talking about. Lp, not not dumping.

Cannon: Yeah. does.

MB/AM: I would put a metric just like on on the size of liquidity the project has, and and some of those things that have to meet a criteria. Obviously, Spf has a pretty high is on the higher spectrum for our our ecosystem. Same with like Rosen. You know what I mean. Like those are projects that you're obviously fairly certain that if you add lp, 2, you're gonna get a good return out of, I mean, I think that's fair to say. and and I, and as far as making everyone happy like that's impossible. So I think it's. I think we always maintain like if they somebody donates those tokens to us without a pre determined reason that they're donating it to us like an a predetermined agreement like, Oh, hey? Like, yeah, we can help you work on this, or we're gonna do this with them. If they just send us tokens. I think it's at our discretion, and they're taking that risk, and we need to do what's best to maintain the the treasury of the Sigma so that we can continue to work for ergo. and that's up to our decision. If they wanna, you know, if they're pissed about it, then get into the Sigma knots and vote too. I mean it. Anybody can join.

qx(): Yeah, that's true. And I,

Cannon: Well, and that's that's why I started looking at it was. Spf. Has done nothing but gone down right like it's not.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Since we got it. Yeah, and that's okay. But I'm just saying like, is there a way to at least make it tread water instead of you know.

qx(): Let's see.

Cannon: Have a leaky hole in the boat. Basically.

qx(): That.

Coffee: Shit. We should have just toss some of the herbs into Bobber at launch, and then, you know.

qx(): We? I think we gotta be careful speculating with Treasury money.

Coffee: I mean fuck. It would have panned out really. Well, I mean.

qx(): And we'll put up. Put up a vote. Coffee that says, you know. Set aside $1,000 for fuck it mad money, and then it's like free form. degenerate, mad money.

Coffee: I'm I mean shit. I'm here for it, I mean, I don't know how you guys feel about it. But that interview you had with with fucking shit pro for the doge. It's like he's right like this. Shit creates excitement. This this creates Fomo. People are like. Oh, shit like this is cool, and then they just kind of funnel down from there. But just my 2 cents.

qx(): Okay? And then you look like, what's the? So we we can see that the benefit of Sbf. When we do this, we'll get farming right? We'll get spf and farming tokens which is great. But we're not really. I mean, there's a million fucking bucks in the Liquidity pool. We're not really.

Cannon: Yeah, I'm not doing it for liquidity. There's no money in the liquidity. It's all on the farm. I'm just saying we have something sitting there. We're not doing anything with it, and we haven't done anything with it. So I'm just saying, Army get like 28%. Why not? We'd be in a better position than we are now. If we did it.

qx(): Yeah. yeah, yeah, I agree. Alright. So we might. We can start. I guess we can dip our toes in the water with that cannon. Would that kind of.

Cannon: I mean, I'll put something forward and let's see. I mean, I'm just saying it, you know.

qx(): Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: If we're looking for revenue streams. It was on my list of things to, you know. Talk about. If anyone brought it up.

qx(): Spf, so they can farm. Okay?

Cannon: Hey, Hq, what do you mean? You said you? I always suggest to have Sig tokens and create pairs. Our bot will fuck it up. Oh, create the volume on Dax. Yeah. Gotcha.

qx(): Alright! Where are we? Great, alright sigmining pool 5 blocks this week, I think. Yes, yeah.

Cannon: That's the updated. That's updated.

qx(): Ones we've discovered on the new since we moved a week and a half ago or so or 2 weeks ago. We've done 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1011, 1213, 1415, about 15 blocks since we moved 2 weeks ago, which is awesome. We're at 16. Giga hash right now. We have a nice little landing page that what's it called Russian made for us a modified cafes. We put the hash rate right up top there. So when people click on it got some info of how to connect, you can type in here, there we go. Let's see now, which I can't remember what I'm mining with. I think this one. Okay, let's see. So you can even do a quick little check of how you're mining there, and it shows my worker kind of thing, which is neat that he did. And then there's some configurations that cafe made as well for that. So also, let's see, where is this this it? Yeah, look at this. We're number 12 guys, and we're listed on mining pool stats. So people just click that. And it takes us right to here where they can learn how to connect. Kind of thing pretty cool. Maybe maybe we can put a little banner here that says, don't you? Fucking? Dare sell the Bitcoin.

Cannon: Went in to have a banner that says. the what's it called when cheese finishes the.

qx(): Oh, storage rent. Yeah. Yeah.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Sergeant storage and token bonuses. Yeah, perfect. Great idea. Perfect. Yeah. So that's that's going pretty well. I have that on a I cranked up the server. Let me show you what that looks like. The server was hitting quite a bottleneck recently. I don't know why Mining Core maybe let me share that screen. So you guys can see what it looks like. Okay. So mining course server. So we cranked it up. The 16 16 cores of a compute of a Cp. CPU. And 16 gigs of RAM. And you can see it's doing well. It's only using 4.2 gigs, 1.2, and it's running. Yeah. See, mining cores is fucking with a RAM. Wow! 1 GB of RAM for the the node that's running on it and 2 GB of RAM for mining core this. Probably gonna mean we're gonna have to reboot mining for every once in a while, just because of this goes up to 16. Something's probably leaking in the code for mining core. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. It's fun, you guys, if you have like a gaming rig or something that you you know. Wanna join us. Come, join us. I only you can see I only have one card thrown at it right now. That's at 222 mega hash? So it's it's nothing. It's like pissing on a fire. But no. that's pretty cool. and you can see total paid out with that card. For this. 2 weeks is 7 or yeah. So that's pretty cool. But that's because we have 11 minus. So super neat. Hop on if you want to. And yeah, we changed the Ppl in S setting to make it more like there's not much taken off for pool hopping, which is fine. That seems to what the community wanted. So that's great. Okay, did anybody volunteer for this cannon?

Cannon: But.

qx(): Assigning a timekeeper and note taker for meetings. I mean, the meetings are recorded by default. So I somebody that that has a transcript and a and a video recording, somebody just needs to run it through Chat Gbt for a summary or whatnot or something. I even have a tool that formats the meeting. Sorry formats the zoom notes essentially the Zoom transcript, because it's ugly as Hell Zoom Transcript. And the thing I use well, I run a program that cleans it up for you. Is anybody interested? It's a shitty job, I guess.

Cannon: Graham, and you were here last week. Did anyone sign up to be the timekeeper and all that? Or Nope. yeah.

qx(): Alright. We'll keep going. Maybe somebody will want it bad enough as we go forward that they'll step up. So that's usually how these things work.

Coffee: I was. Gonna say, I, I show up to these damn meetings. So fucking late all the fucking time, I'm surprised you guys haven't given me like a fur boot in the ass.

qx(): Oh, we talk about you before you show up coffee.

Coffee: It's well, it's well it's well known it's well deserved. I'm I'm gonna be late to my own funeral. So

qx(): Alright. So what else we have? We have Tamar needs to help collecting addresses for er Doge. What does he need? What was that? Ask just holders. Does anybody know it's super? It's super easy for anybody that wants to know. Can you guys see my nautilus pop up or no anybody.

Cannon: Yeah, there it is.

qx(): You can see. Okay, alright. So you just go to air Doge, and you copy the token id. Then you go to ergo watch, and you'll see there's an Api. This is a link to the Api. and you type, and you just paste in the token Id. What's it called Hq's gonna say, just go to erg ergum. What's it called? Eric explore, and there you go. So there are the addresses. You can send this in a chat.

Grayman: Wants to search by transaction.

qx(): What was that search? By transaction, of what like? Who did? Who? Who's using it?

Grayman: I don't know, Raffle. I don't know what it was. I don't recall.

qx(): Hq. Do you remember what he wanted? Okay, alright. Well, we can move on. That's fine. And for other people if anybody didn't know, or Acco is fucking fantastic of a human being. The stuff that he's done on here is amazing. So you can just throw the token into here and take a look. Where is it? Top? 10 holders right there shows you the top 10 holders. So super neat.

Cannon: A anything that we have. I would love to not use the or go explore. It looks like shit compared to this. I'd love to start making this or default for anything that the segment do.

qx(): Fair enough. I mean he.

Cannon: I'd like to maybe put that forward to the ergo foundation like it. Just that other one looks like garbage compared to this.

qx(): I mean, it's definitely harder to this doesn't work. This is fairly useless up here. After about 10 min it finally may show up, but that's a whole different story. Yeah, I mean, he's pro. Eric was programmed. This to what's it called should be able to slip into nautilus here, guys. So if you want to start doing it yourself, you can go into nautilus and change the explore a yeah URL right here to his essentially, and then when you click on transactions, it'll show up in here after you send something a nautilus.

Grayman: Have a look at your F. Geez!

qx(): Me!

Grayman: Yeah, whatever. Look at that. Not on Nautilus.

Cannon: They look great on here.

Grayman: An erg explorer because they have a proper Cdn. And they've solved it.

qx(): Oh, here, yeah, yeah, he's got a really nice Cdn, yep, exactly. So.

Grayman: Probably have a conversation with him. Canon.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Yeah, let's see. Yep, he's got all the token icons there. And where are my own Nfgs? Yep, that's pretty nice. Let's look at the here, let's look at this one.

Grayman: One guy that did not pipe up in the Sigs discussion. Is he a Sig? If not, we need them.

qx(): Who's that?

Grayman: A CEO, or.

qx(): Yeah, I don't know if he's interested, is he? Hq, you think a a Co. Would want to be a Sigma? What's the name of Sigma. Think you liked. Yeah, that's what I think. You can make him alright. See what he says. Alright! See what he says. It'd be nice to have him here, even if he just pops in for opinions once in a while and help. That's the advantage. It doesn't have to be too.

Cannon: But yeah, so click, click on one of those nfts. Just click on one.

qx(): Alright! Let's click on husky, not.

Cannon: There. and it shows you if it's a multi right like who has the holders. I mean, this thing is awesome.

qx(): It's it's very nice. Yeah. agreed agreed Yup, even in white mode. Oh, my fucking eyes. yeah, except he's got these shitty companies up here that are sponsoring it. It's like who wants to see this book.

Cannon: Zoom company man. Come on, there.

qx(): Just kidding. Okay, alright. Great, awesome. Alright. So I guess we'll wait for timer Timer Moore. Great man! You had a proposal out the other day. How'd that go? Our document.

Grayman: Yeah, it was a document for discussion, not a proposal. It's based on the last 6 meeting and a number of them before that in which we were discussing the possibility of hosting a hackathon or something like that at the last meeting last week. The discussion was that it really shouldn't be a hackathon. And also prior to that, there was talk about paying judges and having this focus on ui and ux and front end devs, which are, we have a dearth of in ergo. compared to back end devs. And we heard a lot from the front end devs that do exist in ergo, and I think that Sigs are highly pop pop populated by those people. And so the idea of hosting a large tournament that would spend a significant portion of the Treasury was not popular would be my conclusion. From the discussion, however. there was a great deal of talk about individual projects. I mean, first, you get your low level. It's mentioned right as something that's a problem. And if it gets mentioned, moved multiple times. And that's interesting. What's more interesting is if somebody starts talking about what's wrong with the ux live. Audra did a very good job of sort of interrogating the issue of ux versus ui. There are a number of potential advantages of hosting a contest and a hackathon similar to what the Ef. Has done in the past. If the intention is to throw money at getting new devs and new eyes on projects. And the way that I tried to cast it would make it so that there would be a paid person who assures quality and audits the code. But again, it was not a popular. I I I think that we should probably amend it if you wanted to. That would be the first thing that I do. If somebody wants to recast it. I'm not gonna do that. But if you did you just say anybody is a front end? Dev, including Sigs themselves, can go ahead and join. and any project there was a there were a dearth of projects discussed that had tokens. And earlier in this meeting we talked about various tokens that are already in the 6 treasury. My sense is that the projects that were participate in this type of approach to doing things where they have to put their tokens into the Sigs treasury, along with someerg. are effectively moving their interest into us and ours into them, and likewise paying for the marketing that would go along with an event like this. Sadly, neither Tulow nor Tim Erg are here. and I think both of them were enchanted with the idea of having a big contest. So I volunteered to go ahead and feel that out, and I you know I did it the way that I thought it would work in the best benefit for the Sigs and for ergo. and I think that the consensus was, yeah, we need this badly. but not that way. So there you go.

qx(): Alright! What's the next? What's that mean for the next steps.

Grayman: No next steps. There's no contest, no hackathon.

qx(): No, I don't mean for the cat. What? What do you Rebrand? This as I mean? What is? It's.

Grayman: Thing.

qx(): Nothing. So there's no bounties that we could do alternatively, or any.

Grayman: Yeah. Say, that's that's separate. Right? That's not the same thing.

qx(): No, but it still morphed into the same idea. You're still trying to accomplish the same goal. So it's not like you can. You know it's not like you need to just drop everything that you've done, as far as that goes. This, whatever you're trying to do can be you know the the end goal is the same. So you still have an idea of the yeah.

Grayman: Schedule and project paste, and then it's not.

qx(): What's that?

Grayman: The end goal is project based. So not generally based. The whole point of this thing was to reach beyond any one project or anyone initiative and try and reach the projects that we don't talk about here like atomic swap, like death grips and and get them involved. Then. to be sure there were a few of those types of things that that were mentioned that could potentially be interesting and would fit in this format. But the format is not popular amongst the Sigs, and that's it. So like the idea of pursuing a hackathon or a contest. I think, during the Ama you and Armenia discussed this briefly and suggested that maybe just the 6 host to Hackathon. We're become open to whatever the people who are already interested and know about the hackathon want to do? That's a little different from what I was talking about. But that's okay. I mean, whatever moves forward the project, it's good. You and Canon earlier discussed a number of ways, not only to use the tokens of various projects that are involved. but also how to get new projects involved and how to do it in a bounty based way. And that's great for any given project. You'd have to discuss that and ferret out the details for that project. and that's the type of thing that happens slowly and gradually and spins out the Sigs treasury to the people who are here and ready to take those tasks. What I was talking about was something that would reach for new people. And that's not a popular idea.

qx(): Gotcha! I'm just trying to think what? What? So you're seeing. That was not a popular idea amongst a consensus of 6. I mean. Remember what you hear in chat. It's not necessarily what

Grayman: But, like I said, there were a number of people who are Sigs. regardless of whether they show up here or in chat. who weighed in with their own thoughts about the matter. And my read on it, based on my alien intelligence. AI. Is that no, this idea is not popular in the way that it was cast. If somebody wants to recast it, I would suggest Tim erg. and see if he can come up with a way to put it such that the various projects that are not often discussed here or in chat could potentially participate and also get access to the 6 treasury. My understanding was that we were here to spend some of this money, this windfall that we came into because of the Mexic. And now we're talking about how we can create streams of revenue. I would note that in the way that I cast this thing it would create streams of revenue, and it would reinforce the marketing proposals, and it would broaden that to many projects beyond the ones that have been discussed here. But that's not the way the discussion went from the people who are likely to be making decisions and voting. which is very different from the people who speak in sinks, chat.

qx(): Yeah, but there's come on, there's let's see, there's where are we here? there's only 23. There's 23 members, not only there's 23 members in the sync

Grayman: When you voted on your proposal.

qx(): Only 9. Yeah, so, but you gotta remember, people vote. If if people see that a proposing they might not, they might not.

Grayman: Kidding man.

qx(): No, all I'm saying is, all I'm saying is, you gotta be careful not to let a a open public forum discussion that people are very casual about.

Grayman: I wrote my notes. You guys can read them. They're detailed, and I think, fairly unbiased, based on what happened. And there is an enormous wish, not just in the projects that we discussed here, not just in the things that would benefit from a Cdn. But also in terms of things that would benefit from a Ui improvement and a ux improvement that could potentially touch their smart contracts. You created one recently with your lock, sigma lock proposal. And so all I'm saying is, there is some hunger for this type of thing, but that hunger does not exist within the people or leaders in the project. and you cannot do this without their intention. So there, that is. In the meantime you could use. And you've discussed using the 6 treasury to produce a lot of other results which I think would be phenomenally positive. And so I'd go in that direction right rather than trying to make a general contest. and redirect all of the Sig's energy and marketing energy into that kind of centralized approach. I liked the idea personally. I thought it had a lot of synergies and that's why I kept talking about it in the various meetings. Up until now I was somebody had to volunteer to do it. I feel sort of like coffee was talking about earlier, like, what am I doing here? So I agreed to write up my version of what we had been discussing, and proposed it for discussion, not as a proposal. and the discussion made it clear that this is a vital need. that improving ui, and especially Ux, for all projects across the board, but especially ones that were mentioned frequently, but have no front end dev associated with them currently. But it looks like. There are other mechanisms developing within the group in order to address some of the most pressing problems, such as Sky Harbor. And I would urge those people to go ahead and talk to somebody that obviously knows what they're doing. which would be Aco and Hq. And get on the ball with proper hosting. But you know there are some security assumptions with that, and that's part of the discussion. That would be interesting, too. The first part of the discussion that was spurred by this document. This discussion document was all about which projects and it was everywhere. It was stuff I hadn't heard about, about like mosaic but I try. I kept trying to turn it back to let's talk about like, should we have judges? Should we have like? Is this too much money. Is this too little money? Should we reach further? Should we start with just a pilot? And the consensus was that it's really interesting to talk to you about Ui and ux, and that we need to do something about it. But nobody wanted to do a giant project like this. It would really redirect a lot of our efforts because we'd have to deal with marketing all the projects and everything else. So I feel like that's where it was left. That's more or less the concluding paragraph of my notes. It was an educational experience for me. I learned about new projects I hadn't even heard of. I thought a lot about ux and ui sounds like a lot of other people did, too. That's great.

qx(): And I I my suggestion. great man, is that honestly again. there's there's methods of, even if your even if you had some project owners that didn't seem too thrilled about the idea. There's still projects that probably would be, and that could benefit from it. What we just discussed with Sky Harbor. There's no reason if we're doing. If we're doing, hey? Let's in. Let's either take over or write our own front end or pay a dev to do that. That's all internal. There's no reason that we couldn't turn that around and make it a nft hackathon. Hey, guys! Here the smart contracts. Here's what a sky harbors current front end code looks like, we need to fix this. We need to program in using flux pools to store the data in. Here's a $10,000 reward for the team that does it kind of thing. There's I mean that that'll bring.

Grayman: Bounty based approach precisely.

qx(): That's not a hackathon, that's not a hackathon, I mean. The good thing about hackathons is they? They are a marketing event as well. Bounties are not a marketing event, but hackathons are so.

Grayman: Okay, dedicated to a project and an idea. That's fine.

qx(): Yeah, and I understand. I understand. I think Christy and Joe especially. Maybe it was Joe. We're like, or I can't remember who it was, somebody said, Yeah, hackathon should be more open. They shouldn't be theme, that's what that's what bounties are for. But I really think they're forgetting the marketing side of it. Look how successful a a lithium was with their Hackathon recently. Even got Mgp. To go over there and write his huddle token.

Grayman: There you go!

qx(): Yeah.

Grayman: Reduce the scope of this thing and not try to deal with many projects at once. I mean, Louis Vatra basically said this, and I thought he made a lot of sense when he did. I mean, I kept talking about a pilot project, which is what cafe suggested. and you know, rather than doing this elaborate contest that would invite any project, including, you know, atomic swap, or whatever to participate. And, you know, just pick one, whatever it is, Sigma O, and then we get together as sigs. I mean, this is what Louis Vatra was saying. We need somebody like Sisyphus push involved. And we need, you know, people that do front end dev involved. And we need just general users involved to criticize and come up with a better ui for any one of these projects and then assign it. And so if you're talking about doing that, and then asking for request for proposals or doing a bounty on that for one particular project, and peck at them one by one. I say, go for it. But I will say this. you're gonna have a lot of other projects worrying. Why, where? Where's their position in line? So that's why Cafe suggested. Just go with ones that the Sig zone and forget about projects that have tokens. But to me the idea of having projects that have tokens put some of them into the 6 treasury. and begin to consider us sort of a recruitment organization would be something quite worthwhile.

qx(): That's a whole. That's a whole idea. So we just need to be intentional about how we do that. So if we, it's, it's, I think it's okay as we. I think some people said earlier that we focus on some projects and not others, at least when it comes to interface lists, and that kind of thing, if we identify projects openly and transparently as being vital to the ergo ecosystem. So if we start off like that, I think there's several projects that are. Gonna take some of our time to be able to to do this with and be able to put funds into.

Grayman: And there are many that are not so. You have to craft this thing in a way that does not include them, but still feels.

qx(): Correct. Correct. Yeah. And this is.

Grayman: Me. I'm not doing that.

qx(): No, I I don't mind working on that, but I think that's, I think as long as we're clear with our intent there, you know somebody may come to us and say, look at you know. Why isn't my nft project? You know I need a interface for this. How come you guys just did this with this. And we say, Look. this is actually encapsulates what you do in your project. So it's helping out 15 projects out there right now as opposed to your project, which is just this. So if if we have that at least written, I think we can be successful. and that.

Grayman: Well, somebody has to write it down, I mean proof of work so very aye.

qx(): Well, I gotta. I'm gonna pass off host. Who wants host. I have to go prep for this live update. And I think there's still some more stuff to come on. Anybody says you want to, host Gray. You want to host Ken, and is sleeping.

Cannon: I gotta go.

qx(): Okay, you wanna just end it, guys, and then we'll pick up where we left off next week.

Grayman: Yeah, see you later.

qx(): Alright! Thanks, everybody. Hopefully, I'll see you on the the live ama. Show everybody.

Coffee: I guess, to make us.

qx(): And thanks, Eva, for your translations. Appreciate it.
