+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: December 1, 2024'
date = '2024-12-01T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

<!---
Grayman: Hello!

qx(): Hi, Mr. Grayman, how you doing.

Grayman: I'm good.

qx(): That's great!

Grayman: Oh, you're already getting the Christmas decorations up.

qx(): Yeah, just in this room so far. Yeah.

Grayman: We have a lot of family over for.

qx(): Christmas. So you can see there's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1011, 1230, 16 people or so. My brother. His wife has 2 kids, my sister, her 2 kids, and yeah. they come over for a full week around Christmas.

Grayman: That's fantastic. You guys are sort of the epicenter of the family.

qx(): Yeah, it's fun.

Grayman: I thought it was Feliz Navidad, but then I realized, no, those are random letters.

qx(): That's a random one. Ha, ha! Oh, nice! Oh, we've got Hickor Hick Hickuer.

Grayman: Like this.

qx(): Hi Hekira.

Hq3r: What is the problem you have, my friend?

Grayman: He's got lots of relatives in town.
--->

qx(): How's so you funded your liquidity thing that I see.

Hq3r: Yeah, it's already funded. They donated 15,000,002.5. And even when I, when I told them that they can mint some, maybe 20 to 50 of those directors, and they can sell those for their token on Mumart. They were like, why, what? This is incredible, how that.

qx(): So? Which which token is it?

Hq3r: This are DIS.

qx(): It's on Cardano.

Hq3r: Yep.

qx(): Let me look it up.

Hq3r: I think it's around 0 point 0 0 9 8 or something like that.

qx(): Disney token. I'm just kidding.

Hq3r: Just just, I think if you look for. discuss all hours, it will show up.

qx(): Okay, I'm going to splash right now. Nice. Gosh! It's been forever since I've been to spectrum or splash.

Hq3r: The main idea, for this was for for me to at least push it a bit, even if it is a minimum which we can contribute to show other other projects which are already in Rosen.

qx(): So this is a shared this. This is a shared liquidity thing you're talking about.

Hq3r: Yeah, well, they they have to done it 100%. So they will get the the 97% of the Lp because they have built the lp.

qx(): They'll get it. Okay.

Hq3r: But currently, if you go, and if you if you contribute in a, you will also get a a share in the healthy. So in other words, yeah.

qx(): Let me see what cause it wasn't it like 2? It was. You were 200 ergs you were trying to fundraise for 200 herbs, or 400 hergs.

Hq3r: Well, that's for for Danzo that's like a like a grand gambit. But on Cardano.

qx(): Okay. Okay. Gotcha.

Hq3r: That's that's crowdfunding. Yeah.

qx(): Where is? Where's that on your site? I can't find that off your main site.

Hq3r: It's fund.mufinance.com go to contribute last contribute.

qx(): Oh, cool. Okay. Oh, so here they are.

Hq3r: I am, it added. I've added creating campaigns. You can now create your own campaigns.

qx(): So you got a bunch of did you add these, or did these the community that did this.

Hq3r: No, I added, all the Cardano sites I have added. Then there is one from Canon which it pulls. The pack token is from our friend Jumai. Then what else? The danzo was from Wumbo? But yeah.

Grayman: Is from Jumai.

Hq3r: Yep.

Grayman: I gotta get in on that.

qx(): What's from? July?

Hq3r: This is what I'm.

Grayman: Some funding the war against the human race. Get your stinking hands off me, you damn dirty human.

qx(): Oh, Baku! Oh, God, holy shit! Oh, he's looking for 20 eggs!

Grayman: I'm gonna help him out right now.

qx(): Shit I can't. I'm gonna beat you.

Grayman: You can only contribute 2. Erg Max. Oh, really.

Hq3r: That's that's a plan. Because we would really want more people to contribute. But you can. You can do. You can do multiple Tx right from the same address.

qx(): Yeah, what's the let's see what's here? Let me do this. What's the Oh, these are just adding the fees altogether. I gotcha. Okay, it's not a selection.

Hq3r: So, yeah. For example, Lpv is lp, fee is the the lp, the fees which will be set up on the on the lp. The other thing is 3% is the 3% of 100% contributed lp, which is which remains with the new finance because we are getting the 3% of it. And then the 1% is 1% on contribution. If you contribute 2, then we will get 0 point 0 2. And all this is going to the. to the profit sharing. So every campaign is set up, everything is done. So it is going to the same wallet which is tracking all that, and it is then later shared with the entire holders.

qx(): Cool.

Grayman: Damn! I should have bought more mu.

qx(): Oh, it's mute up.

Hq3r: I think it's it's too expensive right now. Not not sure if you can afford it.

qx(): Well, can't minnow take care of that for us.

Hq3r: I think he already bought. He dumped. So I think we want.

Grayman: Yeah.

qx(): Damn it, that's right! That's.

Cannon: Bulls, jackasses.

qx(): Yeah, where are they? Where can I get them right here on this.

Grayman: 2 bulls.

qx(): Let me let it refresh, and I'll get some balls. No, they are not launched yet. You have to contribute to the bulls.

Hq3r: The.

Cannon: I know. That's what I'm talking about.

qx(): Okay, I gotta contribute. Here, let's see, that's right.

Hq3r: You have sorting on top, which you can use because.

qx(): 5 5 mats.

Cannon: Insufficient.

qx(): How do I not have 5?

Cannon: That's see.

qx(): I have 5 rigs.

Cannon: You and coot every time it says.

Hq3r: Contributed. And maybe that's the return.

qx(): What the fuck.

Cannon: Our. Yeah, you can see, probably hung up. You're probably hung up from the other.

Hq3r: Now it shows your balance.

qx(): All right. Let's get some bowls. I can just keep doing this all day.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Cute. Come on, Hq. What is going on here? There we go.

Hq3r: I didn't do anything. Don't tell me anything. I'm just sitting on my running on a potato. Yeah, you just contributed. And it worked. So yeah.

qx(): It did. What was I going to do here.

Grayman: In both of them. How do I know that I have them? Though in my wallet I just have to like? Where's the indication.

Cannon: There is no indication. That's the one thing that's a little you can't. It's in your. It's in your transaction history, right? But you don't get a token back like duck pools lend, or something like that. Staking.

qx(): And Hq. Make a little dashboard that shows the connected wallets assets for that.

Hq3r: What do you mean by that? Do you want? Do you want me to show.

Cannon: We're talking to the.

qx(): You're you're you're keeping track of it. Hq. So you know that I gave so much. So there's no reason you can't have a dashboard that I come to up here that says, Show my positions.

Hq3r: Yeah, yeah, actually, what I'm doing right now is creating single page of each campaign that will show this user contributed this actually, in the back end. We have a Csv for everyone's contribution, and that's what what is added on when when it is ended.

qx(): Yeah, yeah.

Hq3r: Go to the ended. And I'm yeah, I think in the in the status. If you go to end it, it will show the token it has minted the lp. Which is it has created, and I'm trying to see if I can add a cracks, a order history to it, so it will show like this token launched at this date. This was the initial price. The price right now is this, it's kind of to to show people metrics about it. Yeah.

qx(): Nice.

Grayman: Yeah, like you do on the Nft site, or whatever I can go and check my account and history, although I would still say it would be interesting to see like Andre. I don't know if you put up a bunch of black Friday tokens or not. If you do.

qx(): No, I forgot to. I'll do a cyber Monday. Then I went to Albany for the weekend with my brother.

Grayman: Gotcha. Okay? So I was, gonna say, if so, I missed them. But it would be cool. Hq, if Mew. Would show you the stuff that other people bought as well. so that you can kind of get a feel, for I don't know how you.

Hq3r: There is activity, there is activity. Tab on me. Finance.

Grayman: On on the Nft. Mark.

Hq3r: Yeah, you can go to activity, and it shows what was the last thing sold.

Grayman: Oh, oh, okay. So that was done. Okay. Great.

Hq3r: No.

Grayman: I thought that was only my own activity. Last time I checked. But okay, cool. Yeah, that's it. That's important. People need to know what they missed, so that they get the, you know, sort of put some pressure on the customer to to be a better customer.

Hq3r: Well, the next thing we are doing is now. Now we've got fantastic because we have fund. We're done with funding. And now we are looking for. Actually, we don't have just a Aqx. Can you check what is in the in that wallet?

Grayman: Yeah, I see it now.

qx(): This wallet? Yeah. Sorry. Hang on.

Cannon: Lot of cyber citizens get involved.

Hq3r: On that. Yeah, I see that you really had to. You really had to open that that explorer right.

qx(): Oh, yeah, but that's my favorite. Still, I'm sorry. It's just I'm used to it, you know. Are we a.

Hq3r: There are quacks in it. Well, that's that's something.

qx(): 2 quacks. Wow!

Hq3r: I will drop some. I will drop some new from Treasury, too.

qx(): Oh, you've got some. You've got some another Btc. Vote. I think I will. I will send those directly to to Frost. You got some huddle coming.

Hq3r: Those are what's left.

Cannon: Look at all that look at all that gif. Look at all those glizzes.

qx(): 10 million. Gift. Yeah. Damn.

Grayman: Yeah, I donated.

Cannon: It's like 3 pennies.

Hq3r: Mules! Right, 9, 76 mules.

qx(): Nice.

Grayman: Wait!

Cannon: I lost my! I don't know where my moves. I don't even know.

Grayman: That's the Santa Wallet.

Cannon: Oh!

qx(): Terahertz balls.

Cannon: Yeah, so real quick on that. I I asked. Craz he built the contracts for Mike, for Terahertz. and I've asked him if he can find them. and he's he said. It's on an old PC. But whenever he fires it up and look for it and try to pull him back.

qx(): Nice.

Cannon: Because I'm gonna yeah. He mg, had asked me offline like in Dms, what happened? Cause it? Yeah, I forget where it got posted. One of my responses got posted somewhere about it. People keep asking you know I don't. I don't know like in March this year he asked me to to Multi Sig with him, talking about Mike like the the balance of Terahertz and so I did. And then he said, I'm gonna be gone for a little bit, he was. And then he came back and started making sort of some snide comments about stuff. And I'm like, Yeah, it sounds like he's about to be out. And then Hq. I think, DM. To me. I forget when that was like in August or September, and said, You know, is he done? I said. I don't have a clue, and I guess he had dumped all his Terahertz he owned against the Lp. And then pulled the Lp. After the fact, and then. like a week ago or 2 weeks ago, just pulled down the whole Github Repo.

qx(): Holy shit. Yeah. Mike, unfortunately had some you know, some what's it called mental health issues. He had to. He's always struggled with so.

Cannon: Yeah, instability. Yeah.

qx(): Yeah. When he came back he was like. you know, usually he writes me, and he's like he says something and I check it. But I'm in the middle of something, so I haven't replied for a couple hours, and he writes back, and he's like fine, so I guess you don't want to hear about it, or something. I'm like. Bro. I was at fucking work chill out, Mikey.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): And then he calms down. But yeah, he's he's he's definitely touchy and and.

Cannon: Well, I mean he's gone. He deleted his telegram. He's I mean he's gone. Yeah, yeah, he's gone. Like last I got from him. He was like fuck crypto. I'm out. I'm like, okay, you know.

qx(): Oh, yeah, I don't even see.

Cannon: Maybe when it comes back it'll you know you'll come back. And he's like, Yeah, down in.

qx(): Do I have? Do I have his phone number hang on.

Cannon: He pulled the repo. So anyway, I mean that one. I I was gonna put up a we.

qx(): Contact them. If we need to.

Cannon: I'm not interested at all, you know. I don't need drama beyond what I already got in life.

Hq3r: What? What do we know about about Chris? Excellent guy! I I see people who are trying to push front end for it, but I don't see him anywhere, or he trying to find something.

qx(): He's he came back a little bit at the beginning of the bull, and then he vanished again.

Hq3r: Well, he came back. He maintained the dip. He fucked up the dip, he rugged us all. and he went away.

qx(): Wait! Stop! He rugged the dip.

Hq3r: Yeah, was there? I think, yeah.

qx(): Like, how much did he rug.

Cannon: Like 3 or 400, or it was like nothing to like rug about, and he did.

qx(): Well, look at.

Cannon: He's a Dick. Yeah.

qx(): He's interesting character. But yeah, he's definitely not I don't know. I couldn't imagine.

Cannon: So she.

qx(): Long term sustaining any sort.

Cannon: What's your company or business.

Hq3r: Maybe we can. Maybe we can find who are their tragedy signers because they they are.

qx(): Credit.

Hq3r: Biggest holder of Sigosd.

Grayman: What?

Cannon: Yeah.

Hq3r: I, yeah, I think it was 3rd or 4.th Yeah.

Cannon: Yeah, they have a shit ton of. They have a shit ton of assets in there. I mean, it's like 50 80 k, something like that.

qx(): Who's that?

Cannon: Xla. Treasury.

qx(): Oh, right they do. I wonder.

Cannon: Yeah, to Hq's point, finding out who actually can sign on that and get that into a dow before you know. Yeah. Last, walk away.

qx(): 16th on Twitter. Sure, I can reach out to him. That's fine.

Grayman: And all good things. Now.

qx(): Yeah, I'd love that. I'd love that that'd be fantastic.

Grayman: Capitalize the whole thing that'd be awesome.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Surely.

Grayman: And that.

Cannon: It's confusing because people we're saying, oh, we've been given loans in Kenya, but that's the good things. Now that's separate from the Xia stuff. So I don't.

qx(): Yeah, he's using. He's because he's using the back end of excel. But or you know, to do that. But here he's using what's the name of the site? Here we go. These should be. They should be active, I think, or some of them are. At least I thought they were, I thought, at some point he was using this, or maybe Krishti was just promoting Excel by saying that he was, you know. acting in the same kind of manner that Exo would act in. Maybe that's what he was doing. But yeah, I would love to. I would love to get good things down off the ground with some funding. I mean, we could right now we could. If we had some sort of established thing we could go to Krishti and say, Krishti, we've got 10 people that are in the dow and ready to be active. Let's put all the prepayments back into the Dow treasury, and then we'll start making decisions from there. We just need to find some dedicated people that are willing to vote on. So I mean, if the Sigs can't vote more than 5 fucking people on a on a vote. I can't imagine that the good things that would be any better.

Grayman: Yeah, really does feel like, we're swimming through molasses with getting people to use the dow. I you know Hq. Was mentioning this last week as well like, I think last week, he said, there's only 5 of us here, so how can we say that this is expanding? I'm like, I don't know. It feels like there's a lot of work going on. and and and a lot of progress is being made, certainly, compared to some random, fucking, mean coin. Erc 20 token But at the same time it's true. If you look at some of these basic metrics like there are 4 of us this week. So.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, I try to look at the stuff like we've done right like, we started a mining pool from scratch and paid for a special code to do storage rent, and did token got some tokens from projects and initially distributed those. And that's going to happen again. Kind of thing. I think that's amazing that we got Sigma Mining Pool up. I think that's a big feat.

Grayman: Standing.

qx(): Yeah, yeah.

Grayman: It's it's really, really.

Hq3r: I think I think the one of the things which I would like to see is at least people show up who are getting paid for or something. But I think this is the second meeting. This is.

qx(): Holiday. Yeah. Where's Jake? Well, I haven't paid him. I haven't paid anybody yet. But Jake and I were gonna meet. We did meet to do the Multi sig this week. But we ran out of time to do some other stuff. but yeah, I gotta. It's it's my fault, too. I gotta I gotta onboard Jake. Better guys. So yeah.

Hq3r: Because if we if we're if we're thinking of doing something, the 1st thing we need to do is is to have a have a company? Yeah? Or, however, do you guys call in in in U.S.A, so that's the 1st thing. And I think we have talked about this. Maybe 2 months ago.

qx(): Yep. Yeah, let me see. Let me.

Cannon: See what Jake.

qx(): Jake's had his family in. What's it called in Virginia right now. That's why he's.

Cannon: So.

qx(): Okay.

Cannon: I mean, I've I've brought it up since I sort of joined in the response I got was in the past. People, you know asked about a activity list, or what people are contributing to, because, you know, you sign up to be a Sig. And it says, like, you know, what are you gonna do? What do you you know? What are you gonna offer? Blah blah?

qx(): Yep.

Cannon: And the feedback I always got at the meetings was, well, people don't want accountability. People don't want whatever, and it's like at this point. Fuck them. There's 5 of us that come to meetings and vote. So I don't really, at this point give a shit. I mean. if you want to join. That's great right. And there's people who come in and out like Staff is a good one. He had some instability where he got fired from his job had, you know, I mean, had to put all his efforts into real time, and but he'd built a bunch of stuff on nodes and teaching people how to do nodes, you know, on raspberry pis and stuff like that. But active, active people. I mean, it's just there's not a lot

Grayman: Instead of organizing it like a company which would be too centralized, in my opinion, is that it should be organized more like a like a membership organization like a Chamber of Commerce. And then all these people like well, I mean Hq. Would be an example of a Chamber member who has a project that benefits from that Chambers promotion and work to help him. but also as somebody who's very active at helping that Chamber of Commerce. Other projects and talk to other people, whereas if you have somebody like Cotillier, right? So he's been to a few of these meetings. In fact, one of them. He and I and and Jemia were the only ones here, and and we just ended up talking for an hour, you know, shooting the shit, which was great. But he's not gonna be here on a typical basis, and a lot of the people in Europe are not just because of the timing of the thing. And that's not necessarily a problem. It's just. You know, you can be a member of this organization. You can benefit from the organization. Typically the organization needs to benefit from you in some way or another. If there are members who aren't routinely coming to these meetings and participating and trying to, you know. Knock the ball around and figure out some way to get a goal. Then fuck it. Let's charge a membership fee. But then the problem with that is that you start to rule out people that are coming from, let's say Indonesia, or somewhere where, or Malaysia, where there's just not a lot of money. And so now the fee is going to be disproportionately a a barrier for them, whereas it's not for us, you know where it's like the cost of a hamburger, or whatever. So Hello!

qx(): So I'm yeah, I'm confused to it. let's take Rustin, for example. Right? Rustin is very adamant about no structure, no requirements. But then, at the same time, he has offered to prude and those kind of things. So I'm I'm maybe I miss. Maybe I'm conflating 2 people into one, but I had thought Rustin was not up, for maybe he held both views. Maybe he held views for a loose structure, but also to hold people accountable and prune them if they aren't there. Is that correct? Does anybody remember.

Cannon: I mean, that's I'm on the printing side. I just don't get it.

qx(): Yeah, I think we should prune. I think we should prune, but we can't prune without keeping track or knowing, and that's tough to do right like. There's been times where I'm like, oh, this person is a Sig, and I only see them on Twitter, and only other people wouldn't know that that person's contributing that way. you know. How do we? How do we keep track of that? To be able to make the decision, whether they prune or not strictly meeting attendance or.

Cannon: No, I mean, I think you can have. I think that it's if people aren't voting and they're not again. You cannot vote right. Look at apathy and voting in general. But it if you're not involved, and you're not ticking a box somewhere right like, if you won't go to that effort. and that's too much structure for you. I don't. I don't know what to say.

qx(): I think that's a great idea. I think that's a good metric cannon participation in Padilla. That's easy. That's easy to measure right.

Cannon: Yeah, I mean, even if it's they've staked their token and idea. I mean shit. There's only what like 6 people in there right now, or something, or 10, probably 30, but I mean.

qx(): 7 people have moved over so far.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Are we? We are not able to change the token in the config. Right? No, we're not. So. That's the issue. That's.

Grayman: Maybe this is just wringing our hands over something that just takes some time to to get there right. We're still moving to Podia. We haven't even moved the major treasure. I mean, if people thought that their votes were affecting a treasury that's currently worth whatever. So $50,000, let's say then they might be more active, whereas right now the the treasury that's in pi is whatever. You know, was already there. And then I threw a little bit in, but it's just not a huge amount of money to affect so.

qx(): Well, I mean we do have this.

Grayman: That's no joke.

qx(): And that's what.

Grayman: Where does all that come from.

qx(): That's what we have in the the multi.

Cannon: That's what's left over about 20.

qx(): $1,000 at this point.

Cannon: From the.

Grayman: I missed a day.

Cannon: Ef donation.

qx(): Yeah.

Grayman: Gotcha.

qx(): That's let's go to here.

Grayman: Also, why are we using this multi sig instead of idea for spending funds like I'm happy to to do either and be a part of it.

qx(): So it was that we didn't want to risk our entire portfolio in Padilla while it was Beta. And if we look here, we do have. We are risking about 1,300 ergs in here, as it is.

Grayman: That's what I was talking about is that that's all that people are voting on right now. Right? So that's I thought.

qx(): Well, look at.

Grayman: Decimal point, but.

qx(): There's 500,000 Padilla in here as well, which is like a thousand ergs. I think.

Grayman: Yeah, that was Louis. Roger sent that.

qx(): Yep.

Grayman: And then there's a random auction tokens and some crux that I inadvertently threw in there.

qx(): How how do I switch to us dollars in this thing? Isn't there a button somewhere? There we go. Yeah. So at 26, grand, essentially in here.

Grayman: I mean, that's not bad.

qx(): These are. These are useless. So I guess, take away a thousand. So about 24,000.

Grayman: Oh, but that's the main one, not the id.

qx(): Yeah, this is the treasury. Yep, multi. So the idea is that this goes into the thing unless it gets like unwieldy. Maybe I guess I don't know and we don't. I guess it all to burn. It all boils down to how much we trust Padilla right? So if we trust it enough to use it as our full on treasury. Then fuck it. We don't need a multi-sig at all.

Grayman: I mean, even major corporations have Sep have bank accounts, you know, separate accounts for treasury and whatnot. So it's not the end of the world. But I'm just saying people are going to be less motivated to go and vote at idea. If the if, what the apparent, if the amount that they can spend or not spend by voting is only a you know, 1,000 bucks.

qx(): You know. Oh, here's a nft I donated cute alright, so so did I hear that. So Grayman thinks that putting more of a treasury into Padilla. Maybe the whole thing. We'll encourage people to vote. And then is there disagreement or agreement that we can just use a simple metric of dial participation for for pruning members.

Grayman: I mean, that's what I did. Here, look at this. This is

qx(): I started doing this with Rosengardes, because I mean, look at this. Look at these non-participations for filling wallets and that kind of thing. I'm not going to say their names for the recording. But yeah.

Grayman: Interesting.

qx(): Yeah, right? I mean.

Cannon: It is recording. Normally, it tells me seriously.

qx(): It's recording. Yeah.

Cannon: No just.

Grayman: Top. Left. Yes.

Cannon: Usually, though, I'm saying like when I click in it tells me, hey? The meetings being recorded.

Grayman: Oh!

qx(): So so apathy, apathy. Exists even here, and we're dealing with, I mean, look at this here, watch this. Yeah. let me open. Minotaur. Let me share my screen different way. Hang on share advanced portion of screen. Okay, we'll make it look the same. Okay, back out there we go, and that's just the ergo assets. And the it's just the ergo assets side of it. All right. That's a big fucking number. And these guys, I still having some apathy with participation. So yeah, it exists not just with us.

Grayman: Well, maybe we should have different levels. I I don't know. I mean, then you start getting into looking more like a company. You know we talked about this.

Cannon: It's inevitable, though. Man like you can't. Even a Chamber of Commerce still has somebody who runs the thing.

Grayman: Nobody.

Cannon: Kicks everyone's ass, someone who, you know rah-raws everybody and makes everyone feel better when they get butt hurt about stuff.

qx(): And that's fine.

Grayman: A membership manager. Yeah, that's right.

Cannon: Hmm.

Hq3r: But I I personally don't see anything bad in centralization, some stuff to make the decentralized stuff more working.

qx(): Well, what would we need to centralize? I don't think we're talking about.

Grayman: Straight.

Hq3r: No, I think I think that's very low participation from someone, and those should people should not even have a a card to start with. Because if you have not contributed from past, let's see, how many months are we talking about there? 6 months? Yeah, same 5 months. So in 5 months you have never signed a single transaction.

qx(): Yeah, right? And I think I think you know the risk. Is that

Cannon: My my concern, saying that is, I've never used Rose, and I'm not planning on it. You can record it. If that's the structure I'm not gonna use it. Sorry if you put those stats online. I good question.

qx(): This is just filling up. This is just so these guards are still running cannon. These guys are running their software. They're verifying.

Cannon: Just saying.

qx(): Yeah, you're still. There's still consensus here among 12 guards. This stats I'm showing you here is just, you know, every once in a while you see, there's not enough Rosen Bitcoin for the bridge. It needs to be filled from the cold wallet. And erg, so that's what these are essentially.

Cannon: Stand!

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Just saying.

qx(): Yeah, no, I hear you.

Hq3r: Yeah, they are planning to expand more cards. So, yeah, I think if they.

qx(): Yeah. And we're, I mean, we're having a discussion in the Guards right now, specifically about that. That's why I made this chart to do it. So the idea is we're going to try to. You know, there's clarity the guards need from Rosen team. There's clarity the Rosen team needs from the guards. So we're we're fighting through those steps right now. So hopefully, we'll have some better organization and clarity. Some of the guards feel that Rosen team should be telling us what to do. I feel that. And I think the Rosen team feels this as well is that guards need to get their shit together and organize themselves, elect somebody that is going to be like the organizer, and then keep track of when balances are low and those kind of things. But we do have legitimate questions to the Rosen team about. you know. When do we start making profits? What's the slashing collateral? And exactly what do you expect of us. So there are fair questions on both sides of the aisle, but we're working through it. and that's good. I think that's good.

Cannon: Okay, that's.

Grayman: There's.

Cannon: Sit on this.

Grayman: That's a relatively defined you know, sort of mission, whereas the Sigs is this open, ended club kind of thing. And so it's not entirely comparable.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Right, can can we? So I have 2 things. Can we sit back on that for a second? Just so I can wrap my head around something. So you're saying that spreadsheet was for top ups on right.

qx(): Just for top ups. Correct? Yep, yep, because it involves getting out your ledger, you know, hitting a ton of fucking buttons on. Ergo, it involves a multi-sig transaction with Minotaur kind of thing. So it takes some time, so.

Cannon: Right. And there's gonna be time zone kind of issues. Right? So if someone.

qx(): So that's exactly what we're.

Cannon: Sleeping while you're doing it.

qx(): Yeah. So so Louie even mentioned that. And we talked about okay, well, you know, we should have some sort of metric that says, you know, everybody should be willing to participate within 24 h of the of the of the posting of you need to top off kind of thing, and then we even have a smaller thing where we said, Okay, but if everybody in the Eastern time zone or the let's say the European time zone signs a transaction within 5 h that shouldn't count against the Eastern time member who who couldn't get to it because he's been sleeping kind of thing. So there's that nuance in that we have to figure out as well. But yeah, we're we're planning to do some sort of accountability metric with the guards. It says, Look, you guys have not been signing them. It's been 2 days, and we're still waiting for the 6th signature, and it's obviously, you know, hit your time zone perfectly fine, and this is a repeatable thing. It's time to either give up your guard set, or you know we'll slash you. Kind of thing.

Cannon: And.

Hq3r: And I think I think if they, if you had to put on the collateral and the at the start, we've got a minute different issue.

qx(): Yeah, we guarantee it. Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: Well it. So that's what I was about to ask is, where is the wallet that has collateral that the Sigs have earned.

qx(): There's not. I don't believe there's a separate accounting method there. I think. There, I think they still haven't figured out a strict percentage. Right guards make 2025, 30%, or something.

Hq3r: Yeah.

qx(): Yeah, 30 70. So I guess I guess they have their 30 number. So it's 30% of whatever that is minus what the team is making, unless that's already taken out. I think the 30 70 is considered after the team takes out their share. I think. Actually, so. So we have that that's being kept somewhere. We don't know what it is, so we're asking for what that is. So we are asking for some more clarity from the team. So yeah, we hopefully will get those numbers soon. But that that amount right? That goes into the collateral. And we don't even start earning until that's reached. which which I thought was $75,000 per guard. But that may be up for discussion as well.

Cannon: So there's some amount of collateral that the 6 have in Rosen.

qx(): Correct.

Cannon: Period, like some amount, right?

qx(): Yep.

Cannon: And okay, thanks, Tom. I I get way, too. I like details, and I don't know.

qx(): Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: Doesn't give details. So.

qx(): No, not yet.

Cannon: And that's what it is.

qx(): So that's what we're fighting for. I'm not fighting, but that's what we're asking for. Yep, yep, Marty's Marty's been asking some good questions to them. and I've been. But Marty also feels that somebody in Rosen should be taking a lead at telling us what to do. And so that's why I disagree with Marty, and we're talking about that. But but yeah, we are looking for those questions. So.

Cannon: Yeah. But if you go back to that list on 3 or 4 of the people on there, and Rosin.

qx(): Correct.

Cannon: So I mean, we have it both ways.

qx(): No, I think they're, I think, was essentially I'm not clear on all the assumptions, so I don't feel the need to participate. Kind of thing other than running the guard. So I kind of get where they're coming from. But yeah, yeah.

Grayman: Yeah, so.

qx(): Yeah. So that's what that's where we are with Rosen. I'll keep you guys filled in. I think it's time I ping him again today to see if see where we are on that kind of thing. But yeah. yeah, I volunteered Pulsar to lead us, because Pulsar is the second Sig here. He's not running the server. He's kind of just backup, and he can. He's good at, you know, watching the chain so he can make some bots to monitor when when the wallets get to a lower value so that it can trigger a response, and then he can build the transaction for Round Table, or for the Erics multi sig, and and round us up to do that. So I voted pulsar. I haven't heard from Pulsar yet, though, after I told him that I nominated him so so we'll see. But something like that. I don't think it'd be hard once you write the scripts to monitor the wallets, and then you just got to hunt people down and then keep track of the votes. But you could also. We know all the Ids. So we can also keep track of that in a database automatically. So after a vote is passed it just scrapes the chain, and it sees who voted on it, and it keeps tally on it, and then it could even notify us. If somebody hasn't voted a certain percentage of all the votes so all that can be automated. Somebody just needs to build it for the guards, which again, I think Pulsar can do. So that's that's my push to have pulsar do that stuff.

Grayman: To the same.

Hq3r: Well, the next, the next elephant in the in the room would should be the Us. The Usd keys. Do we want to push a little bit on burning those keys, or what do you want to? Because there are people. community who are bringing liquidity to our own, who are doing stuff which not others are doing. And they are asking questions about these things.

qx(): Well, what was decided. All right. There's Louisvata, an unreal, and on 2020 Mgpi and Kushti are the holders. Was there anything decided.

Hq3r: I think they didn't decide that they were going to burn those.

qx(): Okay, is that bad? You disagree. You think it should be. The protocol needs to be updated.

Hq3r: I think the the current Usd. What we have at this week is doing perfectly as it should do. The manipulation can be done on any side, so every protocol has its flaws and its probes. So if Bear Will wants to come and is do something, he will do it eventually, if he wants, or if he not wants to. But I think if we are talking about something stable and something decentralized, we're just showing people that this it is actually centralized, and we are. and we have which could have pushed something like 6 months ago, which we discussed and voted on. But it is not done yet. so that shows kind of a commitment. How, how, how committed we are to this.

Grayman: You mean to a sophisticated investor? I didn't even think about it until Richie brought it up, and then I read that conversation, and I think it was Louis Batra. That was the other side of the discussion, who was basically saying that we haven't decided for sure that we don't want to get to a point where we could limit maximum minting right? We've changed, you know. The version 2 was about changing the the oracle timing, but they think version 3 or whatever the completion of version 2 was going to be, maybe putting a a yeah minting limits. There you go. so I don't know. I don't have a strong feeling about it. because if the concern is is that those 5 people might you know, sort of cooperate and steal all the treasure, and I'm just not worried about them. If if those 5 people screw us, then we are all good and truly fucked. But, you know, that's neither here nor there.

qx(): Aren't these guys part of the Devda, Kushti, Mg. Pi and Unrea Louisvatra probably end on 2020? So is this a Devda decision at this point? Right? No.

Cannon: Yep.

Hq3r: I think Louie Louie is not water.

Cannon: Louie's not in the day.

qx(): Okay.

Grayman: That's interesting.

Cannon: And yeah, and on br is, but not the other.

Grayman: Hmm.

qx(): Well, it looks like they all express their opinion here. But did Kushti make this thing for the whole community to chime in on, or just the.

Cannon: No, he! He does stuff like that to try to get community involved, and then no one does anything, and he gets aggravated like he should, that everyone wants him to make the decision for.

qx(): Yeah, go once. A regular everything. I doubt this is everything exerted. Yeah, sugar. Get out the pot, I guess. Right. Let me ask.

Grayman: Not an unreasonable complaint now that I think about it, from the perspective of somebody that might want to mint a lot of Sig Usd. and that's not me, but at least not yet. But if somebody did and they saw that it's still on a multi sig, they might say. why do this burn the keys.

qx(): Yeah. let's see what Kushti says. Okay. all right. So is anybody against back to the 1st thing, anybody against putting a proposal to prune I guess we can talk. We should talk about it in main chat. Bring it up in main chat about what that threshold is, and using the metric of Padilla for pruning.

Grayman: But are we gonna make it so? People are no longer sinks.

qx(): They would be asked to get rid of their voting token essentially. And then, if if it became an issue, we'd have to either change Sigs, you know, if it got to the issue right now is, 2 people could quit and not be involved. and if they still have their token, they could really sway the vote right if they wanted to come back and fuck with us. But if everybody, if all 30 people are, you know, participating 3 or 4 people could leave, and if they were Dicks and didn't want to give their token back for some reason, then, okay, whatever we can still participate pretty well, and they won't. You know they won't hurt the votes. But right now they definitely will hurt the votes. I think people don't want to be in the Sigs. I think, for the most part they'd hand their token in if we asked them. unless it was like some real toxic kind of exit. And in that case that's where you'd hope the buffer of, you know, 30, 40 people voting one person's not going to make a damn difference if they're pissed at everything.

Grayman: That's where I get to, you know. Maybe there's a different level maybe we've got, I mean, do you kick them off of the Sig's chat and all of the telegram groups, because.

qx(): Not participate if they're not participating right? But they're they're sitting here taking up space in the if they're staked, even if you go to the old one. There's only 30, some stakes, I think. We handed out 50 tokens, didn't we? Where is the? Let's let's look right now. Ready.

Grayman: Okay. But are are you? Gonna tell me that you feel like there's only 7 people participating in a significant way in the chat like, what about super geometry? He's not yet a sig, for example. Now, we don't know what his voting will be like once he gets a token right. Maybe he's an avid voter. That'd be great. Maybe not, I mean, aren't there people like that right now in the Sigs that you'd want to keep? But you know, not actually kick out of the group, but maybe just have a sort of a different recognition. Maybe we don't give out the 6 tokens like candy. Maybe.

Hq3r: I personally think that we don't need pruning, because this will create more cows because we have the the dow already set up, so it will require the new dao if we want to do that. But what what we could do is maybe some kind of a leaderboard where you show people who are contributing where we can actually do it, on, on jira or tiger, or on conven, create a conven. People who who do more tasks. reward them, even if it was a shitty token or something. Reward them, and then you will have a you will incentivize people to contribute, and may maybe there will be other people who see that there are small tasks they can do, and they will also participate. So if you see that if there is up. There are people who are joining and do what they are doing something. Then, yeah, they they will get rewarded from it. But I think if there is no way to incentivize people to doing stuff. We will have this issue always. And another thing, if I think what we could do is if we don't if they don't turn their their stay key, because each State key has a different token. Id right? So maybe we can discuss with with Louise to propose a vote to kinda hold a state key of a user with more than, let's say, 80% of vote. Let's say, let's suppose that Qx. We want Qx. To not participate in the in the dow, but he has the token, so we can grab his takey. We create a proposal that this take key won't be enabled to redeem from the smart contract. So people vote on it, and if it's if it is, if it passes, then the smart contract will never give back his state keys, so he cannot port. On the other thing.

qx(): That'd be great, but I think that'd take a big rewrite on his part. No, for himself.

Hq3r: Yeah, but I think it is. These are the things you need to if we are, if we're thinking talking about future, if we're thinking about future. These things will happen. So maybe letting them know that this could be done, for something like this will help them will help the project too.

qx(): But we're not. We're not the main cust. We're not the main use case of Padilla. Right? We're unique in that. We hand out one token, and that's it. Padilla is meant to be, you know. Everybody has goes out and buys a token, perhaps, or or they're given one token, and then they get more tokens as they participate, so they have a bigger weight, so essentially that, but.

Grayman: I don't think it should be a negative thing. I think it should be a positive thing. If you're going to go and make these changes, you don't give somebody something and then take it away from them by a vote of the group. You're just asking for an enormous amount of backstabbing and bullshit. If you do that, it should be more something that you earn. We gave out these sigma not tokens, because people said that they wanted to be part of the group. and then and and they are. This is a point I keep returning to that like there are people who are not voting, not even really aware of. Like the Cafe Bedouin has he voted. but saying that he's doing nothing for the Sigs, or shouldn't be a sig to me is a stretch because he spends an enormous amount of time on the support channel. For example, he You know he holds and votes on the the keys for the for the multi sig for for Sig Usd, or does he? Maybe he doesn't. So it's he's on one of the the treasury. Multi sigs.

qx(): He's on the original. Multi sig. Yeah, for sake.

Grayman: And you know every time that I've gone and asked him, Hey, can you look over this thing that I wrote up? He gives me his. He takes his time so I wouldn't say that I wanna kick him out necessarily. But, on the other hand, if he has a voting token right. And you could say, Well, this is about, maybe it's about who's allowed to stake. I don't know.

Hq3r: I think I have a solution for this. How about we do? We don't contribute directly the sigma, the the sticking keys. Let's say, let's we don't distribute the Sigma now. Token. So user can go on Sigma lock. They can lock a collateral with their with the, and they get token in exchange. If they want to release this this, they will have to send their token back to the Sigma lock and get their collateral back. So yeah, we are! They are leaving their hey?

qx(): That's a good idea.

Hq3r: They're leaving their stake, their their participation token. And they're getting their collateral back from.

qx(): Yeah. I mean, that's that's better, right? But then it doesn't fully solve it. You have people that might be yeah. It's worth. It's worth a couple 100 ergs to just keep fucking over the Sigs, you know, with votes. But hopefully it wouldn't be that many people that did it. So again they'd be washed out, and 30 or 40 people voting a couple assholes wouldn't make a difference. So I like that. I like that. Hq, that's a that's a good. That's a good idea.

Grayman: Sounds like a proposal waiting to be written.

qx(): Right, right, right.

Cannon: Speaking of. I'm trying to write a proposal, and Padea doesn't tell you how much pie you need to create a proposal.

Grayman: Think it's a thousand. But yeah, it should really have the. It should be apparent.

qx(): Yeah, it does live in the Tx. I think it's a thousand.

Hq3r: I cannot. I cannot send jibs because I was going to send that 1,000,001 but 1 million.

Grayman: I'll send you a 2,000 pie. Go ahead and do that for you, Kevin.

Cannon: Well, and I'd like to.

qx(): Oh, you need some pie. What's your address?

Grayman: He, just there's a chat. Got it! I got it.

Cannon: But I guess my my bigger question is using this right like would think one of the ways to use that 500,000 pi, and it's probably way too much. But you probably need 50,000 or something is when you write a proposal you get to write back when the proposal passes that you get your pie back like I don't. I mean, I don't think we should have to.

qx(): Well, that goes to. That's how that's that's what funds the staking right? That's when you stake your padilla on the main padilla Dow. That's what you get as payment back.

Cannon: I'm not. I'm not the main Padilla power down.

qx(): Then. Yeah, but that's you're paying for the service that way. Essentially.

Cannon: What I'm saying is, if the 6 have 50,000 pi right and you need a thousand, or whatever this number is, it's not published anywhere.

qx(): Oh, yeah, correct. How much to vote you mean?

Cannon: When you get the vote like you can say, what do you want back? And you can say pie? You should be able to send yourself back 100 pie for having to go buy a hundred pie.

qx(): Yeah, whatever it is, you should do that. You should try it out cannon. You should make a vote.

Cannon: But I'm I'm just saying like that. That should be a standard practice like that should be how we.

qx(): 100,000. That's 500, you know. That's a lot of voting right there. 500,000 votes. The proposals you can make no divided by 1,000 whatever it is. Yeah, that's a great idea.

Cannon: To like, you know, get people to participate right? Cause like even just now I didn't. And part of it is, I think there should be something somewhere that tells everybody how to use this damn thing. There.

qx(): No.

Cannon: I don't know. Did you know that it charged us to do the compounding thing that we don't need for now? I mean, like, there's weird things in here that aren't clear that I'm trying to understand. cause I'm trying to set up the dev dow on here, and it's not like there's not, you know. I was asking Louie how to set up one, you know. Where's the link to create it out like it's not even a public facing link.

qx(): It's right here. He just needs to change the ui from Beta to normal.

Cannon: I I understand that. But I'm saying, though the link to do it isn't even a public facing like. But.

Hq3r: Technically, technically, they didn't. They didn't announce that it is live because on their socials they have not.

qx(): I think. Well, Louis Vuitre did right. he announced his 500,000 and said, Let's go, you know. Where is it?

Hq3r: Well, that that's Louis announcing it, and I think it is the the main social if they want to retweet it, or anything, because.

qx(): Don't find love. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, that is interesting.

Hq3r: I just love to look at. Qx. That's that face of Qx when it goes like, yeah, this was, yeah, that's fucked up. Yeah. that's not how it should be. Yeah.

qx(): Alright! Where's where's the agenda? Here somewhere? I have it open somewhere.

Cannon: The document in the middle, about 7 over to the left from where you're at. There you go.

qx(): There we go. Thank you. Alright. So we have. Let's do these down here where notes? so that's We want to have a general discussion about Padilla's metrics. Right? I love your idea of like using an external program for this. But again, I'd be so like, look at all the work that Glasgow's put into all these external taigas and all those other things that just sit an empty ghost town.

Grayman: Because it's yet another account that I have to get another bull. It just feels like a a burden that's probably heavier than it actually is.

Hq3r: Part of that. There is no incentivization of it. There you're you're not paying people to participate on somehow. if you can. We can. You can told it 1,000 times. We can even crowdfund it something a city token and try it if people, even if make them move so at least make. If 10 er can make 2 people move, I would invest 10 er daily. because I think that should be the case, because we have people in here, which are just in the chats, doing shit and talking shit, but they do have. They do qualify for some stuff which they which they can do. There are many 6 there are. There are few 6 which I have not seen in in ergo community. But when I go to other projects on other blockchains discords. I see them active there, so there is.

qx(): Justin.

Cannon: Well, I haven't seen theta decay in a while. Right

Hq3r: No, I haven't. I haven't.

Cannon: Is out like he distanced himself from whatever all was going on.

qx(): Oh, with them! Ergo, pad ergo pad.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): All right, then, let's see, we have Sig Usd, so we can help Kushti out by with with Sigusdi the form by posting from the main account. Let me tell him right now.

Cannon: That's cool.

qx(): And get more feedback.

Grayman: Hey? Is that a is that a decoration for the tree.

qx(): Oh, that's cute!

Cannon: I think so.

Grayman: An ornament.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Okay.

Hq3r: There we have a new meme token. Now take this.

Grayman: Yeah, is that peanut.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Okay. Alright. So I just told Krishti we'll post a form on on the main site to get some feedback so hopefully, that'll help a little bit. you know, because he's not going to take action on it until either it's necessary or else he gets good enough feedback, I guess. Right. We can hit if you guys can, the stuff, you know off the top of your head just hit the main chat of Padilla like, hey, Beta Dow is not fixed on the front page, hey? When I make a vote it'd really be nice to know that it's going to cost me a thousand dollars before I even hit, create proposal like, just put it in the fucking. Create proposal box, you know, on that this page right here. Yeah, it should say 1,000 Padilla cost right there. Instead, you have to wait for the transaction to pop up.

Cannon: Well, no, actually won't even let you do the transaction.

qx(): Without it, even in there. Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: It just gives you a red error message that says you don't have sufficient tokens. It doesn't even tell you what is sufficient to make it happen.

qx(): Oh, true!

Hq3r: Would you guys believe in past 1 1 month I have encountered more than 15 people who don't even know how to read transaction note in in when they are signing it as simple as it it shows. Yeah, it is input out. But there are people who don't really understand when they are signing Tx, so I think.

qx(): I know.

Hq3r: We we could do some small and.

qx(): Video, tutorial.

Hq3r: Yeah.

qx(): Okay.

Hq3r: So there was one good thing which I saw yesterday, which was which was on on Youtube. This was a. I think, rabbit miner. He did that video how to miner go handy. And he showcased the storage rent because he had that that span on the top which was selling, and tell him that you will be charged storage rent. So he talked a little bit about it, and he shared with the community. So that is something, as we can see that it helps to teach people how storage rent works. But I think dropping a little more detailed about what storage rent is under its its post on Twitter would be nice, because some people think that we might think that we are just stealing them. So showing showcasing people what really things are would be nice.

qx(): I think that would work great as

Hq3r: Thank you.

qx(): Youtube shorts. Right? A little 2 min thing on how to read the input outputs of your wallet. A little 3 min thing on how storage rent works. Right? People have been bugging us for Youtube shorts. So maybe.

Hq3r: Didn't, didn't mark the shock was looking for some kind of attribution from the Ef. To do some short videos or something like that. or he was planning to do dev updates.

qx(): What's oh, mark the shark! Yeah, he's welcome to jump in and take a dev update whenever he wants to. That's free for all I was going to do one later tonight. Actually, it's been a while before I forget. I think, too.

Hq3r: But.

qx(): Yeah. Go on.

Hq3r: When I think Tim has a nice fresh face for shorts. I think if we, if we can convince him somehow to build to do some small shots about. Ergo. awesome would be nice. Yeah.

Grayman: At second.

Hq3r: Because we don't. Yeah, we don't have any females right?

qx(): You want to ask him about that? Well, you can. I've my wife is somewhat receptive to the idea of, you know, doing stuff. If I write a script for her essentially so, we could always use that, too, on shorts.

Cannon: But.

qx(): Yeah. You want to reach out to Timur Hq. See what he thinks I'm happy to. I'm happy to write a script for him, too, with, like, you know, just the general ideas from the technical side about that as well, unless you want to do that, too. So that'd be great. So I'm gonna put.

Cannon: They

qx(): Hq. Reach out to okay. Awesome. This right here just Fyi. I spoke with an unreal a couple weeks ago when Padilla was shutting down. And he says he's working on a solution to lock these tokens essentially, so that people can do revenue sharing still. because right right now in not Padilla. It's There's a decent amount of auction house token staked 160 secrets, so this will have to move to something else for people paying attention right? So I pulled mine out ahead of time.

Hq3r: Do we? Do we 6 hold any of the new listed Rs assets.

qx(): For example.

Hq3r: Do we hold any of the newly assets which are listed in the in the Rosen bridge?

qx(): Oh, let's go to our wallet. Where is it?

Hq3r: I think I think would be nice if we could bootstrap those liquidity pool on other chains.

qx(): We have 2 million comment.

Hq3r: That's not.

qx(): Too much comets over there, right? But it's been over there. Yeah. I don't think we have cups of too much cups of sugar. Right? That's.

Hq3r: A couple of you have already did the big transaction this morning? He did 14% of his Israeli. Yeah.

qx(): I grew on.

Hq3r: Troll troll is right. No, I think Troll already has a I'll be there right.

qx(): Did he say he was going to take it over there?

Hq3r: Well, he basically made it, for from Cardano, right.

qx(): What else?

Cannon: There is. Is there a spot? Maybe you guys can help me with something on Padilla. It is giving me an error. Share.

Hq3r: Just click on right click, go to console, console, and maybe we can see what is there.

Cannon: No, it was giving me an error message. Hold on. there we go!

qx(): Oh, that's not much.

Hq3r: Moment. I don't know.

Cannon: So I have this draft proposal. Apparently it saved it as a draft. but then, now it won't pull it up, and I can't recreate it, because there's a draft.

Hq3r: I think we had this issue. We had this issue before right? Because before it was not even saving the drafts. now looks like it saves the draft, but doesn't load it.

Cannon: It's on.

qx(): Where are you? Here?

Cannon: Hold on! What did I share.

qx(): You can share, I'll stop and go for it.

Cannon: Well, now, man, I'm trying to figure out.

qx(): I don't think it saves you can't do anything to a draft. I see a draft for donate certain tokens to mining Dow, who made that.

Cannon: Me!

qx(): Just now.

Cannon: I was. I've been trying to do it while we're working, and then.

qx(): It should take a Tx to clear, that's all. But once it's a draft you can't do shit to it. So that's.

Cannon: Saved it as a draft is what I'm saying. I don't even understand the function of it. Yes, I tried to.

qx(): Yeah, exactly. So.

Cannon: Stop.

qx(): That's been feedback to Louis, that he needs to change the word draft, because draft implies that you can actually edit it before it goes final. It needs to be set to something like preprocessing or something, because draft.

Cannon: What I'm saying is, I never signed the transaction.

qx(): No, I know, I know it seems to do this. It clears itself out eventually.

Cannon: So it it will clear at some point in time when it wants to.

qx(): Yup, correct.

Cannon: Is what I'm hearing.

qx(): Yep.

Cannon: So I just need to rename this something else, because what the issue is is, it doesn't like the same name twice the same written text in the correct twice.

qx(): Yep.

Cannon: Okay.

qx(): And the issue is.

Hq3r: So we need to. We need, we need to write down also that for Louis and for the for the people who might find that issue again.

qx(): Yeah, this shouldn't be a unique key in the fucking database that makes no sense. It should be convert. This should be converted as some sort of hex number with a timestamp encoded into it as well, so that there's never, ever identical. And then reference that way. I don't know why the hell. He made that a unique key.

Hq3r: Hello, maybe. Yeah. Depends on the of how this the smart contract is looking at it. No, maybe they are sorting the the end result based on the Id. Of of the title of the proposal.

qx(): But it can't surely can't be of the readable text. That's really silly. weird. Okay, where are we right here? Alright. So we've got general discussion. Padilla.

Cannon: But I guess what I don't understand, so that I can give the feedback to them is all I tried to do was stop the transaction so that I could edit something real quick. And then it's toast like, you can't do anything to it ever again, like it's which makes me he should have a.

qx(): You should have a button on the text on the page before the submit button that says once you click this, even if you don't sign. It's uneditable. Yep. yeah, I can't remember what the oh, my issue with Beta Padilla was I was trying to send to the new Treasury from the old treasury, and the old version of Beta.

Cannon: Training was too long.

qx(): Couldn't take the long string for the wall address. Correct? Yeah. Yeah. So that he says, that's fixed in the new one. So so yeah.

Hq3r: I think I think the best way to to resolve all the Paidia issues is by using it. Because I can. I can tell you guys that I thought that I finished New Fund 5 days ago. I'm finding small.

Cannon: You're welcome.

Hq3r: Yeah, I'm finding small, shitty things everywhere. And I'm like that wasn't supposed to be like that. And and I'm I'm I'm doing it in centralized way. So imagine it in in a decentralized way, when you depend on many things. So yeah, I think the best use case for this is to to use it. And and other thing is that you have to tell the people, and they have to fix it. You at least do your part, and just wait for mother to to do something. because at current state how Piedia is, I think no one will be using it. because there are there are a lot of day to day user issues to it.

qx(): Yeah, the ux is not great. Still, yep. all right, let's keep. Let's keep the let's keep the the heat on him. Then they're going to keep Padilla. They got to keep making the product usable. Should we maybe have a document that we just keep relating to, and every time we find an issue, we post on the document and post it in chat and say, Hey, Louie Marty! We found an issue.

Cannon: Added something to this.

qx(): Some to the list exactly.

Cannon: Yeah, I'd make it a Powerpoint. So you can just screenshot and write on it, or whatever.

qx(): Do you mind starting that cannon.

Cannon: Yeah, that's fun.

qx(): Alright! Thanks.

Cannon: I was thinking you were. But that's fine.

qx(): I'll add to it once you start it can I mean.

Cannon: Yeah, sure, buddy.

Hq3r: He will just add the heading.

qx(): No, no, I'll add the what would say? I'll add, whatever you miss. Yeah or yeah, yeah, great. All right, cool. Let's make sure.

Grayman: That you send the the link to it to the idea.

qx(): Right, read only.

Grayman: Not to Sig's chat. Steve.

qx(): Okay, so I'm going to try to make some time with Jake this week to. I'm going to give him the link to the Beta Padilla. I'm going to ask him to go through all the votes, so he understands the history of everything we voted for, and we've brought forward and then We'll see him at next week's meeting. He'll be back from Virginia. and we can get talking more with cannon as well. Who's has some experience with the with the Corporation and not the Maldives. What did you say? Something? Islands.

Cannon: It is Marshall Island.

qx(): Marshallants. Yeah, yeah. And we'll get there with that. So that'll that'll be good. We should. We have 3 people left to make the multi sig. That would be Cw. Louis vatra neuralyogi. They need to build it. It's done. It's made, as you can see. Did I do it on this machine. Let me look. And I threw a little bit of rosen Sig Sig Rsv into it just to test it. Let's see Sigmats version 2 treasury. Yeah, where is it? There it is, there it is. We received it. We have one cigarsv. So as soon as soon as those 3 are done making the multi Sig, we will do a test to get that cigarsv out of it, and if we successfully get the cigarsv out of it, then we will do one last transaction with the version, one of the Treasury. and send it over, and then maybe we can make discussions about. Do we trust Padilla enough to dump over half of it, or a quarter.

Cannon: No way.

qx(): So, yeah, so then we can keep.

Cannon: I mean dude. I can't even make a transaction. I mean, I like the tool. I think it's great, but I can't even make a transaction. except for I think it just posted so.

Grayman: You're in the early days.

qx(): You did. You got it?

Cannon: You betcha.

qx(): Nice! Oh, you did a short vote.

Cannon: Yeah, because the it that is a forcing function for our Dow configuration to get updated to what it was before. If people actually care.

qx(): Tokens. Troll token. Oh, nice bonus! Awesome! That's sweet.

Cannon: Yeah. So that's that's Thc, the bear getting by somebody right there.

qx(): Oh, nice, very nice.

Cannon: No, the the voting cost was a thousand pi. Hq. You'd asked in the chat.

qx(): It was a thousand. Okay.

Cannon: Yeah. And so I gave myself back.

Hq3r: 1,000 per vote.

Cannon: A 1,000 for a proposal and a half an erg. Just so, everyone knows. Yeah. So you're sending yourself back a thousand and and half an ark.

qx(): Half an egg.

Cannon: And then the recipient. The 1st one is the bonus pool. But you know these are assets that are in multi so, but this gives the address for the multi sync blah blah, you know, so someone can reference it later. And it's easy.

qx(): Oh, oh, we were asked. I forgot. We were asked to.

Hq3r: Where is it?

qx(): Damn it! Who was it? Oh, look! She's simping me now! I'm ignoring her on purpose.

Hq3r: Well, well, she's thinking, because Jeff is going to wait right, and I think Austin made a contract with with her that she was going to sell it.

qx(): Okay? Good. Well, I'm ignoring her for a bit, because I'm mad at her. let's see, where was it? Was somebody.

Hq3r: I think I think you should talk with Slumdog check, at least check with him.

qx(): No, I did. I hit him a couple times. Look, look. I hit him right here. I started hitting him. Hey? Rosen is dodging to Doge, and he has not even read it yet. I'll just do this. He's oh, my God! Some of like I definitely hold my nose when I do this stuff, guys? Just Fyi. I hold it, I paper, clip it shut. Oh, it's rough. Somebody else wrote me. let me find, is this it? Yeah, this guy? It's just it. We're back on that spot at 4. Second. yeah, these guys want us to join a space. So I can do that at some point, too. Did you guys come to the space the other day?

Cannon: Did.

qx(): I'm not sure how many of those are bots or not. I got the feeling that there were probably some bots in there. No, what are your thoughts?

Cannon: I think that.

qx(): I mean, look at this. This is like, where's the recording? I find that hard to believe.

Cannon: No, no, no, that wasn't when it was actually playing.

qx(): No, I know it's like a hot.

Cannon: A 130. Yeah.

qx(): Yeah. Yeah. maybe. I mean, there's only how did that many people tune in? And only that people that many people have seen the post itself.

Grayman: Excellent.

Cannon: Each time, and each time you touch it, though it starts over like. So if you hit play recording, and then you hit like you clear out, then you go back to it and listen to it. Later.

qx(): So I think Joe's listening to himself 7,000 times.

Grayman: Awesome.

Cannon: Possibly I know he likes things like that.

qx(): Yeah, I just don't feel I didn't feel the interactions on it were warranted the that much. But I mean it is what it is, it looks good, that's for sure, right?

Cannon: I mean, it's.

qx(): It's really good. Poor Kushti's phone was fucking up the whole time. That was a bummer, but it is what it is.

Cannon: Yeah, I would. I think I think, and it's hard when it's not something that we're hosting like when you're having somebody else do it like this was, you know. this other gentleman doing it, but having a real having a real narrow like. Here's what I'm discussing, you know, cause. I mean, it's sort of wandered around and it it's by design the way they ask you. But it's like there needs to be a 10 min free meeting on. Here's what we're hammering. And in a good way, okay, just.

qx(): You know.

Cannon: I mean not bitching, just feedback. It's hard to do like. I mean, I always wing stuff.

qx(): No, I mean he gave us. He gave us the I got added to the group like 10 min before the thing went, so I saw the I saw the document. Where is it here? Right here? So it started at what it started at noon, so I got. I joined. I was added at 1117. But they did give us this document right here. So he was loosely following this.

Cannon: Okay.

qx(): He had to skip some and improvise because Kushti wasn't there to be asked. You know.

Cannon: Right.

qx(): And so he was. He was fairly organized. Yeah, so that was this this guy right here, guys, where is it? Where's my ex cannon. I think you said you knew this guy a mirror? Right? This is this the guy I was talking about? So he does Youtube interviews. He's done one with Dan and Flux. He's got.

Cannon: When you when you did that meeting with flux in the middle of the bowl. and the guy was there from Cadena. We're all like. what is this guy even talking about.

qx(): Wait. That's this guy.

Cannon: Yeah, I think so. He's a Kadena guy. But it's okay. I mean, it's okay.

qx(): It is what it is. Yeah. So he had 230 views, 852 on this one with the Kadena guy.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Yeah, I don't think it hurts so I'll I'll reach out to him again.

Cannon: Yeah, any exposure to a different ecosystem again, just have a real narrow, and just focus everything on demurage. Right now. Everything else, like everyone says they have smart contracts. Blah, you know, I mean, but saying what our total value is as a percent of what's been mined, and then demerge and be done with it like.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Cause, then the only 2 proof of work coins that can even compete with that that are mineable is Alephion, and and Conflux period like there's no other.

Grayman: But you.

Cannon: That are proof of work that have.

Grayman: Because you're.

Cannon: Tbl, but.

Grayman: Swimming in the water. You don't see the water. The most important thing is the proof of work. Part.

Cannon: Well, that's what I'm saying. I mean you said the proof of work and Tvl, and it.

Grayman: Do you.

Cannon: Say this, this is it. I mean, we're consistently number one or number 2, you know, I mean. and we're number one or number 2, and then, if they really push, you can say, Well, is it gpu mineable or asic right and conflux? I forget if they went if hash they were. They had a vote for right before the I thought maybe they were gonna do it. But.

qx(): Do you guys want? Sorry? Go on, Ken.

Cannon: No, I'm just saying so so that we're gonna switch. But so I mean on G Gpu model, I don't think there's anybody else when I pull those stats. That's Gpu mineable besides us. And again, it's me being licensed conflux homework. But anyway.

qx(): Do you guys want to put up a vote to help out? Where'd it go to help us out? I mean, what's it worth? So these are. The Joe asked me to help him out with Before he made the announcement of everybody who was transferring over of some of the active kind of meme utilla meme projects on. Ergo. So that's this list. This is what they just listed on, Rosen. Right? So the question is, do we want to help out any of these projects by, if we don't have their token, buying some of their token and bridging it and providing liquidity over there. I mean, we're going to take a hit on Rosen. We're going to take a hit on buying it. We're going to take a hit on, you know, splitting it over there with whatever asset it's going to be paired with. And then kind of thing, is there any interest in that.

Hq3r: I'll go ahead and say, mu.

qx(): Fuck me!

Hq3r: Yeah, we don't worry. You has treasury, and we will sponsor the stuff when we think that we, we are ready for it.

Grayman: Just sending, sending tokens here and there just because there is.

Hq3r: Some hype is just useless. You have to build infrastructure infrastructure first, st to have a liquidity on on.

qx(): Well, that's what I'm that's what I'm asking. Are any of these projects going over there and planning to go over there and need help, I guess, is a question.

Hq3r: I think, I think, yeah, I think I have built something which is basically to to help with this. So, for example, cypx cyberverse has enough tokens to transfer. so they know they say they don't need to crowdfund anything to build their lp. Let's talk about Glizzy. Glizzy has already enough that we have breached 2020 they have already sent. If I'm not wrong, 21,000 Erguins.

Cannon: Okay. Yeah.

Hq3r: Cardano Row control. No idea over. I think he has enough funds.

qx(): I think you.

Cannon: Frozen, or I'm sorry, Troll, he's sending bridging over half this week.

Hq3r: Yeah, everyone.

Cannon: Thing, input the rest in lp.

Hq3r: Yeah. Why I was have already already bridged new finance. I don't want to just do it as something very, very quick, without having a solid infrastructure about, and then we'll.

qx(): Yep.

Hq3r: Duck pools. An idea auction house. We can crowdfund both Rs. Ada and HD. And we can just send that through the bridge, and we can create. Lp, and we can not. Yeah, we can bridge. Yeah, we have to bridge bridge the make the Lp on on Cardano side. Maybe we could add a input in the in the form where they can provide their Id address. And we can provide the Lp tokens deal to the to the contributors. Yeah, but would be would be good if we could do a crowdfunding small amount, let's say 200 erx of 200 Rsa. Da. And 200 worth auction house token, and then we just go and create the the initial lp, and then if people want to bring to bridge and add more they can bridge and add more to it. I think Paidia is already there, right and there, because I last, I remember, Lee was working on it something like that.

Cannon: Can delay. He's.

Hq3r: Yeah, a couple of people have already. Yep, Jumai is here. He has already sent cup of sugar and gluon that I don't want to talk about. because I don't understand that I I've never understand that project, although that team.

Grayman: It's pretty.

Hq3r: Do you have.

Grayman: No, that's tough. They're they're they're pretty pure academics. So it's hard to little oblique.

qx(): Yeah, yeah. Okay, so Hq, you're saying that you can set up these? You can set up these things like this. Where are we? And if Sigs want to help out with liquidity across, we can just donate ergs to those.

Hq3r: Just go go a little bit up and click on. Then yeah, click on that collapsible. Yeah. click on, start new category. And there you can choose. What do you want to build? You want to crowdfund some token that will basically crowdfund an amount of token for you. You can name description. Start, date your socials, just click on next, and it will ask you, what if you want to crowdfund Irk, or if you want to crowdfund any custom tokens in there. If you click on, get some token, it will ask you for the token. Id, it will auto update the decimals and everything you can change that wallet which will give you the where will you will give the get the ground for it?

qx(): So this is, this is this is essentially a raffle without the raffle, right.

Grayman: So what is told him to make? Ergo, raffle? And he laughed at me.

Hq3r: Yeah.

Grayman: So.

Hq3r: And mint is basically snake dot fun.

qx(): Okay.

Hq3r: Multi asset. Lp. Is just 2 assets. 2 2 different tokens, and you build lp. For it. And that plus asset is basically multi asset, but the base is egg.

qx(): Okay, so this is, launch a new token. This is, go to ergo asset creator, pair. Liquidity equals.

Grayman: Really good work.

qx(): This is multi asset any token pass. Okay? So there's nothing here that does cross chain liquidity.

Hq3r: Well, we can. We can collect all the although all.

qx(): For you, loosing.

Hq3r: You agree?

qx(): We could crowdfund for to make liquidity pool for a project, and then 6 could donate to that, and then we could just take it from there.

Hq3r: Yep.

qx(): Okay, that makes that's fine. Yeah, yeah, okay, all right, cool. All right. Back to the action items. Because I tend to forget action items. I'll talk in chat. I'll bring this up in chat, and I'll PIN it and notify everybody. We'll get rustin on the gang, too, because I think he's keen on on pruning people. And I really do think asking if you're part of a dao, then the base level thing is, you participate in just fucking, voting right whether you participate in chats or you have some other method of doing it. If you participate in voting, it hopefully means you've read the proposal, and you've thought it through, and you've gone through this. So I think this is a fair thing to ask right here. cannon's going to make a Powerpoint. I've already told Krishti. I'll make a post later today about the Sig Usc. Keys, and you're going to reach out to Tamerg, Hq. On the Youtube shorts for the basic stuff.

Hq3r: Yep.

qx(): Awesome. Jemai. How you doing, sir? If if you're listening, Jemiah, and you find your unmute button we will send you those fucking 1,000 ergs as soon as as soon as we can finish the multi-sig wallet. We have a new model already made. We're just waiting on 3 more people to verify it, and then we'll do a test, and then we'll do the final transaction from the main wallet to there, and during that final transaction I will put your 1,000 ergs in there, I mean. Fuck it. We could do it right now with Padilla.

Cannon: Getting a thousand marks. I'm sorry, not being nasty. Just curious.

qx(): He bought.

Cannon: Is this expenses or something?

qx(): No, no, we are going. We are buying Mu from him to support Mu. So we bought. He bought it back. Then, when erg was.

Hq3r: Don't be a liar. You wanted to my mew to not pay fees.

qx(): Oh, that too sorry! Yes, yes, yes, and not pay fees. So what's it called And he bought it. I think he bought it back when erg was like 70 cents. So he's been a forced holder of erg right now, which is good. Hopefully, he didn't sell the mew, and he still has it, so I don't think he did. He knows we've we're going to pay him. He knows we're good for it.

Cannon: So the other the other items on here. and then we can take a look for next time. But Hackathon, I mean, can we give some constructive feedback on.

qx(): Fuck. I know Jesus Christ, I almost don't. I get that I get. They want us to do a community prize pool. But.

Cannon: No.

qx(): I don't know. I think we should say no this time, and and give them feedback on like look. We should be advertising for hackathon 2 months in advance, we should be hitting socials with every other fucking day. We should be posting on cryptocurrency subreddit, for you know, an opportunity. We should be maybe doing half.

Cannon: Reaching out to these colleges. There's a million places to go.

qx(): I mean, it's not hard to find blockchain emails at colleges. Cornell has a blockchain public email address out there. Send them the thing and say, Hey, everyone's hosting a you know. I mean. that's, I think that's Angie's job. I think it's Angie's job. So I think it's okay to give them feedback. So I'll reply to Angie then, and I'll say, no, it's it's too little time to pivot. And here's some feedback. that sound all right.

Grayman: I agree.

Cannon: I say yes, and I say, ask them when they're planning on doing the next one, because.

qx(): Okay.

Cannon: They already might have a plan for another one, and then And then something that's not owned here that I think it's good for everyone else here to know is the activity.

qx(): If I could spell.

Cannon: That's better. But I have an excuse. You don't.

qx(): I can't spell to say my life.

Cannon: You're educated.

qx(): I'm not educated. Come on.

Cannon: Oh, come on, we can't get your job and not be educated. Alright. Let's see, dated though.

Hq3r: Did we.

Grayman: Not actually turning the the hackathon into a contest like I was suggesting before just doing the other half of what I was suggesting for the Sigs contest of just actually reaching out to other people. Universities like you, said blockchain associations whatever, trying to make it more of an outreach thing so that you get more eyeballs on erg, even if they don't join as a dev, even if they just send it to their friend. And that person joins. It's.

qx(): Yeah. And they could. They need to. They need a timer I've given. I've given it to Reva several times right? And she's given it to her people. But the issue is timing is not considered. If you want to involve college kids, you do it in the middle of the summer, and you say the big ergo summer hackathon get money for college, you know, coming up next semester kind of thing. Then you'll probably get people that are doing internships, sure, but they're not as busy as schoolwork all the time, so they'll be able to actually participate during the summer or the winter. Break Hackathon, you know. Do it from January 1st till January 15th 2 week. Hackathon! Boom! You'll get a lot of if I was new to developing for the blockchain.

Grayman: Which I guess on some level I am. But if I if I were a college student that was interested, but didn't really have any idea where to start. I I would want to know that if I were signing up for this thing. It it wasn't just going to be out of the blue that there would be people who would be helping me as part of the process. So it's sort of like signing up for a class that you might win a a prize for right. It doesn't cost you anything but your time, and you might get a bunch of money for it right. That's that was sort of the idea.

qx(): Well, I think we have enough videos out there to where we can curate a playlist on Youtube that says, here's basic ergoscript. Here's fleet. SDK, here's Eric Pi.

Grayman: People need office hours.

qx(): So well, then, we'd have to find somebody to volunteer to do that. Yeah.

Grayman: That would be paying judges, not volunteering, but paying judges for the projects. This was the idea of making a ux improvement would be, you pay the people who already have the project. and that is not. People like Hq. Seem to have a pretty good handle of Ui, but the projects that don't. So quota, for example.

Hq3r: I started very bad. I started shitty. Ui man. IQ was.

qx(): No, you're always perfect. Hq. I remember looking through your Php code. It was just gorgeous.

Cannon: I'm almost done.

Grayman: Anyway.

Hq3r: I have the link, for I have the link for the new Sky Harbor. Ui, that to say.

qx(): Yeah, you want to send it to me, Cindy. Here.

Hq3r: That's see if.

Cannon: They just please don't. School don't stop.

qx(): No, we won't.

Grayman: Say something about market maker.

Cannon: Yeah, sure. I share my grain real quick.

qx(): Yeah, sorry. Go for it. It's all you.

Cannon: Yeah, well, it's just the end of the month. So I'm just. I said we'd give updates to the we never have we hired a new market maker right? Or the foundation did at our recommendation. It was the second pick from when we did everything back in February and march. So what you're seeing here is Kucoin. and this is the trading here where they filled trades.

qx(): You're not sharing. You're not sharing.

Grayman: See it.

qx(): Oh, you do!

Hq3r: I can see it too.

Cannon: Yeah, I think you have to adjust your screen or something fuck. So anyway, from when ergo starts spiking like on the 7th or 8th till like this past week there was no trades that were done from the market maker. and I've put that out there in the public space. Said it a few times. Whatnot So for the past month on Kucoin, the market maker was only filling 20% of the asks and 20% of the bids. You go to Htx, and it's a much different beast, because it's not really that solid of organic liquidity on that exchange. But you see the same like pattern. There's no real filling throughout that whole timeframe when Price was going haywire. And then, Mxc. Is the same, except for there's more on the ask side and less on the bid side. One of the things that I need to follow up with you offline Qx, to try to figure out is when they asked us to rebalance this fucking.

qx(): Bought? Did you see that.

Cannon: No, but it's like, whenever there was like this summer when they need to send people usd, so they bought or sold, you know, $25,000 worth of Usd, yeah, I mean, like, it was just like what I don't understand.

qx(): Anesthesia, or the market maker.

Cannon: Anastasia.

qx(): Yeah, like she. They asked her to rebalance, and instead of pulling, I guess she didn't have. I guess she didn't have ergs for it. She just marked.

Cannon: Yes, they do at the East, she just fucking markets.

qx(): Market bought $10,000 worth of ergs. I was like fuck that wasn't very efficient.

Cannon: It's well, it makes no sense like. And anyway, it just I. I don't understand that process, but I'm trying to lean in a little bit more to once we have an organization. That's out of the Marshall Islands, I think we can, you know, and 4 or 5 months start pushing that direction. But right now no, but it doesn't make sense to me, like all of us. you, you think it's hard to get a multi sec. Done here we put a request into her, and it may not get filled for a week, and there's no real response of why or anything else. So.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: But just just so you guys can see it. I mean, it's pretty colors and whatnot. But Kucoins, the strongest exchange for our period as far as actual organic liquidity on that exchange. actually, probably the strongest 2 are coinx and gate, because there is no market maker on either of those but of those that we market make coupon be. Next, it is be making me begin to wonder. Do we need to actively do anything at Kucoin like? Is it necessary? Hdx and Mexi are totally different. Beast. There's nothing there when it's slow. I can't pick the date range, or I'd show you back before we had the price spike. It was like 85 to 95% of the trades. The market maker was having to be the other side of it. Like as in. There was no organic other side like someone was organically buying it or selling it, but nobody was organically selling it to them when they were buying it. If the market maker wasn't there, they wouldn't be able to trade, basically is what I'm saying. And that's Htx and lexi are both the same. So but anyway, that's sort of the update it's going well. they communicate very well. The updates have been a lot cleaner. On like What do you want to call it? Like their their weekly updates that they give us, or something you can actually take action off of

Grayman: Well, seems

Cannon: So I mean, you can actually.

Grayman: Holding mode.

Cannon: Yeah. But you can actually see. So this was last week. the market was a hundred percent of the volume on Kucoin, 97% on Htx and 99% on next. Say. but now look at those total trades. There's only 54 total trades, but that's by them. So I mean there was a lot of volume that it's still only 20,000 data volume. I mean, it sort of makes you wonder, Htx. And let's say, like, I don't know. Are we putting good money after bad supporting these exchanges? But I think next year we have to at least get it a little bit more time since the community paid for it. But. Htx, I'm wondering why we're spending money every month, and this is me talking out loud, not really digging in. Just that's my gut right now.

Grayman: I mean, somebody has to do this, and I appreciate that you are. I mean, why do you say 3 or 4 months? Is that because of your timing and schedule? Or is that some sort of a legal tax thing to go Marshall Islands.

Cannon: Well, yeah, we need to get Marshall Island set up. Those guys can get it set up in a few days. so that's not like it. Take a week or something. It's not a big deal. It, Maxi. We we that exchange didn't go live till like May. I think maybe and and so when we raised it, and it was community raised right? So it's like it was the Ef. Said they would market make it so I just feel we can't walk away from that one. But Htx is a ghost town.

Grayman: Right. But you're saying, aren't you talking about a time in the future where the Sigs have an official entity? And you begin, or you spearhead this portion of it of taking over market making from the Ef. So that they no longer do it, because eventually they were going to provide us with the accounts and the funds, for that was the goal.

Cannon: Yes, it. Well, that's that's what we've said is our goal, right? They haven't said that. That's the goal. Right?

Grayman: Even if they did, it sounds like it would be difficult to get them to decide to do anything about it. So.

Cannon: But so, anyway, I think 3 or 4 months we'll know a little bit better, I think, with in 4 more months will be. I think it's 15 erga block. So it's it's a lot less so on the admission side. I don't think you got. I don't know if you guys can see the screen again. But yeah, yeah, we'll be at 15 in April 1st of April. April. Fools at at some point to me. It doesn't matter like there's so little cell pressure that it just needs to stand on its own on these exchanges. So I mean, I think, for Maxine give a little bit longer. The the unfortunate reality with Maxi was when we did the fundraiser It was a non Kyc. Exchange. By the time we finished it was still a Non Kyc. Exchange 2 months into integration. They became a Kyc. Exchange. and I mean, I got receipts. I went to Glasgow, and said, we need to stop this and refund everyone's money. This is a waste of time. like we're adding something we don't need. The point of. It was to add something that was non kose, and he's not the kingmaker. Right? I didn't put it up. Vote that cause there's no way. It wasn't a 6 thing. It was a community thing, but to me it was like. I wish we could have refunded everyone's money. And and if we wanted to do something, you know. Save it for putting money on uniswap, you know. I mean, we've done better off just holding those until you swap camera. So.

Grayman: Plus we've got we've got the a hummingbot thing coming up here. So we're gonna.

Cannon: Well, and that's that's.

Grayman: We're good.

Cannon: In in 3 or 4 months. That's gonna be going. Hey?

Hq3r: But it's a it's a those who are traders who those who have built ports like that understand all the risks which bring comes with humming bot. So if you think that people are going to run it and not get so, yeah, there will be people who will be getting fucked from it.

Cannon: Sure, most definitely and and.

Grayman: But that's Pvp, that's just the way it is.

Cannon: And it's part of just I mean, it's gonna be what it is right. But I I think there will be more tooling. All I'm saying is, I would rather the the money that is sitting in my head, the money that's sitting on Htx. which I I forget the total volume right now, whatever it is. But

Hq3r: And, by the way, one of.

Cannon: 23,000 or 15,000 usdt. I would rather that be sitting on this one and having Put it on him as well. if that's gonna be, if that's gonna be the goal right like, if the goal was to get off these centralized exchanges. the ones that were not that no one's using. Let them burn. Go to a Dax if you want. You know what I mean like, I don't know. This is sort of where my head's at with it. because the Mms. All work on uniswap and on sushi swap, and you know, on all the different decentralized exchanges that are on Solana and base. And you know, I mean, like they're all there. They can link into all those and do the market making on those anyway. Just food for thought. Let me just think about it.

Grayman: I think it's it's good food for thought. There's a lot of things that aren't tied down yet, though, so we just have to sort of wait to see. That's why you're saying wait until next April to get the. And maybe the dynamics of pricing to change because of the lack of mining revenue. yeah, there's a lot of stuff that just it's the future is too cloudy to start making hard decisions. But it looks like decisions need to get made because you're just identifying a lot of stuff that's suboptimal now. But I mean the if the end goal. I think when we originally started talking about all the market maker stuff was that the the Ef. Recognized that this thing was necessary. That's why they created the Singapore organization and funded it from the Treasury. but at the same time they, you know, wanted to not be there after some point, and they had to hand this off to somebody and that was, gonna be us ideally if we could, if we could stand up for it. Which is, I guess, still under debate. But from what you're seeing. It's not like they're handling it perfectly either. And in any case. even if we did take it over, or if we do take it over. Which it, I think, probably is what needs to happen eventually. eventually, you'd want it to just disappear entirely like you're talking about. Why do we even need it at Kucoin when it's already a well run machine. And if you get a lot of traders running trading bots. I mean, the the idea is mostly to just make sure there's another side to every trade right at wherever the location is, and if there's if there's not, then you gotta have somebody there to do it, or the price will run away. And but that's how arbitrage works. And so that's where all these bots are. Gonna come in and save us, and who needs to pay a market maker under those circumstances?

Cannon: Yeah, we're not. We're not paying a lot, I mean, at the end of the day. I mean, it's like, What is it? Qx, like. I mean, it's 5 grand a month. It's not. I mean, it's a salary or 2 salaries or 3 salaries depend 5.

Grayman: Yeah.

Cannon: But that that's sort of in my head just.

Grayman: Or head of.

Cannon: How to spend that month like, what's the best investment. And I just keep looking at some of these that are getting no organic volume, and it's like again, like, say, there's a reason like we made a community commitment to doing that one. But, Htx, I'm still like.

Grayman: I mean, what if we were saving up 5 grand a month for prizes for some contest or hackathon? So.

qx(): Yeah, I think some of the exchanges do require. Still,

Cannon: Indicators, and then, if no one's using them, who gives.

qx(): That's true. Then then it's a question of what the what's all that money spent for is this sunk fallacy sunk cost fallacy kind of that point, or what.

Cannon: It is, it already is whether we want to admit it or.

qx(): Oh, fucking Mexi! What a bunch of cunts like! I think I'm in an indonex chat where they We're bugging. Kushti runs the bots on that thing. and he's had to do some adjustments about something. They threatened to delist us. That's a big Indian exchange. Yeah, alright, we've we've run a long time. Guys, let's let's cut it. We've got action later.

Cannon: Just wanted to get that out there. Thanks for bearing with me.

Grayman: Yeah, for for a lot of reading.

qx(): Or rustin Hq.

Hq3r: Before before we, before we sign off, Jemiah has made 2 tab tools. we have cos cup of sugar on the main tab tools website.

qx(): Oh, nice, awesome! You too! Gradually. This is Jeremiah.

Grayman: What?

qx(): Wow, are you? Okay? Grimin.

Grayman: I'll be all right. Fantastic, all right, everybody, Ciao, have a great day. Bye, bye.

Cannon: Get it.

qx(): Bye.
