+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: May 26, 2024'
date = '2024-05-26T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

<!---
Coffee: More involved. Morning shark morning, Major Morning, sissy.

Sisyphuspush: Morning, morning.

Coffee: In Canada.
-->

Cannon: Everybody. Let's see here. Oh, right. yeah. You guys ready to start?

Coffee: Yeah, fuck it. Let's do it.

Cannon: Yeah, I don't think qx is gonna be here. I don't know who else is or isn't So yeah, sig cans. There weren't any new. This was the last maverick for Sigma. Go vote for him, if you guys want to. I think he already has like 8 or 10 votes, probably the most votes I've seen on a day so far. But he did. The over. This is like baby project, I think if I have it right. Come on. Paideia, for those who haven't looked cause it's been a busy week we have a hundred ergs to pay echo for creating a fix on her and explore that hopefully, then can be replicated towards other explorers, wallets, etc. I think Rustin is doing a blacklist as well. That echo big rabbit. So it's more of a token of appreciation for him jumping on the issue when it was raised a couple of weeks back. the big vote that everyone needs to consider and vote one way or the other. In my opinion, because it's 10% of our treasury is the sky harbor raffle current thing. So it was identified as something vital in the ecosystem. says, head sort of spearheaded. You know. what do we need to do? With that? And then. I was pretty proud that the guys at Sky Harbor actually took the feedback to heart. I think they've been getting feedback before, but I think sort of getting more public awareness of some of the deficiencies that existed. That came up with a plan. Put it on did a large medium article, and then put a raffle, for I think it's 8,000. So Usd, it's 7,000 erg Right now, it's just under 10% funded. our 10% of the treasury is around 3,600 or So that's about half of the funding for the Sky Harbor, if it votes affirmative. So I think I'd say, and this is on here. Can you give us some feedback on that, sis like I mean, you're more involved than nfts than I am, and I think anyone on here I think you're the big nft person. So.

Sisyphuspush: Apologies. I had to step away from the kitchen. For a second I was making breakfast.

Cannon: Yeah, no. Problem.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah, it's it's starting off slow. I haven't had a much too much time to promote it. This week's been a little bit the past couple of weeks been pretty hectic for me at work, so I want to do more push to it. And in the next couple of weeks or next week, specifically, and kind of spread it around the the cyberverse community as well, and the importance of it. I just it. It's the nft market in general is this? It's it's hard on. Ergo, it. It's been a whirlcoaster ride. And yeah, there's been fixes, and then kind of it goes by the wayside. And so but I think there's still a lot of potential there. And you know definitely a tooling that you know as more people come into the ecosystem are are gonna be utilizing. So and definitely need to, you know, talk more people, one on one with that and and start promoting it more. But I think you know, with a lot of these Raffles, unless it's, you know, getting on a a tier, one exchange, or an exchange of any time they tend to be a slow burn to the end. And then, you know, a lot of people tend to jump in. So I don't wanna bank on that. But I I do anticipate there were going to be more donations as it starts to get a little bit closer to the end.

Cannon: Right. So here's the be there. So I mean, I appreciate that. Don't worry. That.

Sisyphuspush: I think an important aspect, too, is kind of differentiating this between their last raffle that they did, whereas the last raffle, I think in some people's mind that one person mentioned to me. Didn't they already do a raffle to fix this and that was more so to pay for the servers, and I think the image enhancement. or some something like that, and it was more of a Band-aid for a temporary time period where this seems to be, you know, more complete, overhaul and and getting closer to what their vision was, is, is more of being like a tool that other projects can then utilize their back end. Or Api. So I think making that differentiation will will go a long ways for some people as well.

Cannon: Yeah, I'm trying to remember. I don't think I realize that they'd already had a raffle.

Sisyphuspush: I think it was like 2021, 2022, right around there.

Cannon: Oh, yeah. Oh, there you go. Sky harbor server funding. Successful 1,200 are I collected just over 1,200 doesn't really show how long that was. But yeah. So I think the big thing for me and and I tried to highlight it on here for talking points for people is. the smart contract is open source already, if I understand that correctly. But now it's gonna be like every part of it is going to be open source. I think maybe some of the bots or something. I'm not really sure some portion of it may not be currently and then the front end is gonna be open, sourced. And so to me, that's huge. Right. So if we see that there's still a deficiency right? Or Mr. Pixel, or whoever sees that there's a deficiency right? It can be. hire a dev and go do it fine like. It's it's sort of transparent at that point. to me. That's the the sort of crucial part part of this we all know crass and woke up and forget the other person that's on their team on sky, but from duct pools and other stuff in the ecosystem, you know. So I mean, no one's really. I don't think too terribly concerned that everything's not open right now. But this opens it up. And that's one of the think discussion points Kx had with these guys was like. you know, help us help you. Kind of thing.

Sisyphuspush: But nice thing.

Cannon: So we can run with it if if you know we can, you know. Kind of thing like down the road.

Sisyphuspush: I think one aspect, too. At least, you know, it's something that I've kinda noticed, too, is just the team has been busy with duck pools. And so there has been minimal communication coming from the project. And so when in some people's eyes, I could see where you're not really hearing from the project. You're not getting a good experience. And then you hear from them. And it's like, Okay, we need this raffle to make a better experience. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I think connecting into projects like cyber, burst, or blitz, or other projects that will be able to utilize new enhancements of of Sky Harbor, and utilize certain aspects of it for their projects. I think a lot of the communication coming from those active projects and sharing the the benefit to the project. And for the user experience is gonna be a better driving force than maybe even like Sky Harbor communicating it more.

Cannon: Yeah. yeah, no, I I think that's something for sure. We need to reach out to Nick. I'll reach out to him on Blitz. Anyone else can as well. But I mean, if I'll I'll ping him for sure I'm doing a marketing, or he's on a marketing chat with me, so I'll reach him that way. I know he had said he was. I guess it's not here yet, but he was working with Quoko on getting a marketplace built into his website. But I guess it's not here, maybe per se. But.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah, I think it's a work in progress. If I'm not mistaken. I know sky. I know Cyberverse utilizes them as well, and and you know it's another aspect, too, is this, you know the nft markets, probably, you know at at a low point, that. And you know.

Cannon: For sure.

Sisyphuspush: Here, and how you know you have independent artists that are still doing their thing. You know, still pumping out artwork communicating. But there's not many projects outside of those big 2 that is still creating and building on. You know what they were a year ago or a year and a half ago that you know, the community can see that can consistent build. So it's gonna be hard from within the ergo community. But I think, too, if we look at just. you know the numbers that of people who have been on boarded just to those 2 projects. yeah, I think those are people that can grow within the community. and and and app gaps like, say, harbor OP auction house spectrum. You know, these are, you know, the first touch points of the ecosystem for for a lot of these people. So you know, first impressions, you know, you know what they say about that. So yeah.

Cannon: Yeah, for sure, right? And it's So I got you guys having to look at my screen. But Sky Harbor collections. And this is getting back to your point right? The top 6. Oh, like one of them's not named cyber. That's what right? So it's like, that's that's real volume. I mean, I know it may not look like a ton like in theory to people. But that's volume like that's actual, like transactions on the blockchain that's actually people interacting and using stuff going forward. if you can help tackle both this. But I'll I'll ping Mick, and I'll copy you when I do that over on his desk phone on, you know. Get him to help push out the info but if you can follow up with the cyber guys. And you know, we just have that The Dps guys just did a a party on Friday in Siberia. you know, I mean, there's there's people I think, that know that there's an issue right? But it's hard when you know there's an issue there. belly up to the bar, you know, and and actually, you know, put money where your mouth is. But I would encourage everyone to, you know. Throw one. Or, again, if that's all you can do. But it's worth getting this up 13 backers. you know. I mean, it's it's If you haven't interacted with it. It's pretty simple. with the raffle. I mean, anyone can help you, but I mean there is not a lot to it. So anyway, probably enough on that one. But I mean to me. This opens it up, and it's something that there's the pencil potential for what they're doing to help out. Ergo, options, I mean, there's the whole, I mean ecosystem that can benefit from this low RAM, you know, etc. So yeah, and then that's the other thing. This final ecosystem sort of assets or infrastructure. Oh. wallets! I am doing an Argo hack project on wallets. Called wallet wonderland. I will be sending segment and handling you all to fill out the survey. It will not record anything about you personally, or anything like that doing private browser on tour, if you want but doing a surveys that we can understand what people are, how people are using the various wallets. Do they know what they could do with each of the wallets that kind of thing, because it's just to me a complete lack of I don't know how to call it right like there's a ton of information on wallets. but it's all fragmented like there's Alaska has done a bunch of stuff the same on here. He's done a bunch of stuff on the background on ergodox and stuff like that, and aggregating all this. But where every time I see someone come in to cyberverse or just new, and they say, Hey, what do I do? It's sort of like, well, we got 5. Here's you know, it's like, Well. what do you wanna do right like? And there's I'm just trying to come up with an infographic or something that's quick and dirty, and then you can go down the rabbit hole if you want to which you know which one might be better for you if you're going to be here long term but try to make people's, you know, user experience. Good on the front end. A lot of times. People say no less. But you know what 75, 80% of web browsing isn't on a PC anymore. Right? It's all on your phone. So I don't really even know if that one's necessarily always applicable. As an answer, you know. So I'm just trying to look at that. But anyway, this is an open document. Everyone can edit this. So, please. I think he's trying to wrap it up this way. Please look through it and add stuff. If you want it's an open document. Let me say more. 6 Look at that. Treasury had a big bump this week in the Treasury. It was, do the ergo hack raffle the cost to put forward. I think it was Mx. Maybe put in like 7,000 earbud or something like that. there's been a couple thoughts on how that will be used initially, I think, Qx had said, Hey, it'd be great if we did up idea separate Dow, for ergo hack 8, and then hand it out down tokens to people who participated in the raffle which would be great. But I don't think that there's say that new people who gave to it once that big big donation came through 27 people, right? So I mean, which is fine. But I was hoping it's gonna be more people, more savings, etc, to be able to vote so that might be open so definitely keep track of what's going on with. Ergo, hack and Glasgow. What's gonna be the easiest way for people to keep up with ergo hack. I mean, I know channels. But like is they go onto the website. Is it just paying attention? Discord or twitter? What's the what's.

Mark Glasgow: So, and I'll I'll post summaries and probably across social. So I do. A post on Reddit and.

Cannon: Twitter.

Mark Glasgow: Cross Cross posted to telegram discord. Maybe every few days we'll we'll do one tomorrow, and once we get a few more updates in, because I think there's a couple of in already. And so hopefully, if you move by tomorrow with like a person up to you. cross socials.

Cannon: Get. I know I mean, every project is great. not trying to tank people's minds. But what I mean, what are some of them that actually look. I think all of them have legs right? But yeah, which ones are? I mean, there's a couple of them to me that almost look like I wouldn't. I hate to say game changers, but like. when I saw what they're trying to do, I was like, holy shit like that's pretty. That's pretty amazing eaten.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, there's definitely some cool ones. I've been following along with the reputation system guy for a while, and so I think that'd be good to incorporate Bitcoin rooms into reputation system and use reputation proofs on the block background. Blockchain. Yeah, there's a couple of really good ones. We've got Christie's trustless relays. Mariah Finnas. Option pools, crystal pool. and lightning swaps as well. So the atomic swap guide. Death grips will be working on the evm testing it for ages, and you'll be integrating Bitcoin lightning. It's quite exciting. So yeah, loads of great ones. I think most of them have got legs. and they're from developers already in the ecosystem should play good.

Cannon: So there was a comment I saw, and I don't know if everyone saw it, but I think it may have been this morning or last night, or some some point this weekend that somebody said. you know, we're throwing this big pot of money at the ideas. But what what are we gonna do to nurture those ideas? So they they juxtaposed it or compared it to. what does test that do with something called cat catalyst? Yeah, And I thought that was a really great question. like, I mean, I was like, Oh, yeah, no shit cause. I think the good ones are gonna survive right? But like other than doing an ideo, or they're independently have time and money right to develop it on their own. There, how do we, you know. keep moving things forward that come out of these. I just thought that was a good question.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, we would be good to get some sort of system like that eventually. in the mobile. They kind of hard to do, because they don't have milestones or anything set in stone. You can have to lay all it on catalyst beforehand. Think of what you're gonna do make a plan. And with this is more just like a prize and award. yeah. but it, I think the hackathons themselves gonna keep developers in ecosystems without funding when they win, and they can probably what Damon payment it cause the atomic swap guy he was working with months and months and months just by himself, unpaid. Yeah.

Cannon: Yeah.

Mark Glasgow: Ross. I got hackathon if you weren't. I'm so.

Cannon: Yeah, he's been grinding that lighting. There's crazy updates every week, I think for him like, it's just.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: As a machine.

Mark Glasgow: But yeah, would be good to think of how we can incentivize it more to keep you in the ecosystem and long term. I think I think most of the week are already active ecosystem for 67%. Hello! I don't think this one's leaving dot pose and such.

Cannon: Well enough. It it made me go back. I said I wasn't doing enough good too many things on my plate, but Like the infrastructure bond concept. I mean, I don't know. Maybe you could apply it to something like this where there's a you get enough Rsbc and Sig Usd and things people actually wanna borrow maybe it's Rs, ef when that's here, you know, and you get enough of those in a pool. that's you know, again like a you're doing a war bond, and there's not a lot of interest going back to you. But the line shared the interest term that's going back to the ecosystem, and maybe you could get it where there's I mean, it sounds crazy. But maybe you can get it to where there's 4, 5, 6,000 erga month coming off of something like that that you could. you know. Yeah, it's not catalyst where they're paying out, you know, close to a million bucks every catalyst. But it's something right. I mean, currently, most of the folks are working for tandem free. If they weren't on one of the ideal projects. It seems like so I don't know. Hey.

Mark Glasgow: How does how do like? How does appear.

Cannon: Well. my my idea is, I mean truly doing it like a war bond like back in, you know, World War 2, us Uk, France. Everybody did them where you'd put into a smart contract. Initially, it was 6 Usd. Because that's what was paying out the most on duck pools. But the concept would be you put in and you get paid out, maybe 12% like 1% a month. So I mean, you're making a sacrifice right? Like you're not getting the line share the interest. But then the flip side, the interest that's earned like right now, it's like God knows what, like 8,000%, something stupid. on that pools and see 80, 56%. So you know the remaining, let's call it 40 something percent. Sometimes it's as high as a hundred that would get collected in the smart contract, you know, paid into. and then transfer to multastic or a dial that basically my concept was infrastructure. Right? They came from talking with Sky Harbor does before all this happened. I was like, how much money do you need to get proper server, you know, upgrade servers, whatever those costs were like. 6, 800 a month. I was like, Okay, well. let's get 10,000. Save Usd. And pay for like without even losing any money right like. Let's not just spend money to lose money. Right? Let's let's use d 5 that we have. And you know I mean it. The math isn't crazy when you start looking at 50% returns right now and save Usd. I'm assuming Rsbc and Rs E. Are gonna be decent, I mean earners, as well, you know. So May. I don't know. I'm just thinking if we could pull together 50,000 1,000 assets. That's a decent nut every month that could fund. you know, a catalyst type thing or infrastructure, you know. whatever I mean, that's just my idea is just.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah.

Cannon: You get something, you know, like you get 12% a year. That's not, I mean, that's double what you can get in a money market account right now. Realize. you know, in in the real world. So I mean to me. It's not nothing, Burger, but but put that insigust in your sacrifice in the upside of Urg, and also sacrificing the you know, the interest that could be earning. But I don't know. I mean I just look at it with it. So maybe it's a decent idea. I don't know

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, yeah, I think I think could be, I think in the last one somebody made us signal subscriptions as well. Good to visually see something like Patrone. I'm on a call where people had just donated to the dev, and you could subscribe like 5, 1,000 a month. The project you like. and might be a good way to build it up as well.

Cannon: Well, there may be a way to do just a landing page. You could pick a pool, or you have to 10 or a month, or whatever 10 signals do whatever you want it right, and just pick 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and done right and just splits it among them, or something I don't know I'd do it. I don't know. Maybe there's only 10 people.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah.

Cannon: To it, but.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, yeah, that's interesting. We should should try and aim towards something that cut us. And I can keep trying keeping people more in there.

Cannon: I I just hadn't thought of it. I've sort of not paid attention much to catalyst, because I wasn't able to really use it very well with that internal while I just had issues the last one. I tried to do So it wasn't that, you know, appealing to me, but.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, I think I think it's got plenty of flaws, like when our good decks got voted out from a competing project, and there's a ways to kind of influence the people making decisions. I think, get the money is a bit of a pain, the milestones. and so I don't think it's perfect. But yeah, definitely is, a is a good system like to have as a. it's a war chest. Okay, just keeps the development rolling.

Cannon: Yeah, I mean, that's what I'm thinking. It's just now that we have defi right? And it could even be putting some stuff on. What are the bonds signify? You know. I mean, you can put out small short term bonds, you know, and save people. Buy them up. I'm sure they would. you know or buy up short term bonds, if you know, if we advertise, hey? You do a 3 month bond, and not, you know these people asking for 18 months, and we'll pay, you know. It's like. if you do a short term bond, we'll do it, you know. We'll fund it. You know that kind of thing that would be interesting. So anyway, that sort of got off on a tangent after the ergo hack raffle I'm sorry, guys sick mining pool. Mark can give you a quick update, but we had an insane day yesterday. I think we hit 9 blocks in a 24 h period but even with that that brought us back to the same amount of blocks as last week we had awful luck this week prior to that. but it was really nice to see a 9 block day. Everyone was sort of going. Oh, we should, you know. It's like every 2 h. There was a block kind of thing that's sort of nutty But, Mark, can you give an update for folks on just in general, I know you've been doing a lot of polls on the mining pool dashboards and whatnot, but then, also the project you're doing for the hackathon. Just real quick if there's any updates on the dashboards. I know there's been a lot of gift polls and different things you've been putting on there, you know, in the last couple of weeks. If there's anything significant, if it's just like housekeeping stuff, it doesn't matter. But I thought maybe it added a few features that we're going to be. Yeah. Oh, gotcha! Gotcha. Gotcha gotcha! There it is. So this needs to be. Ok, so that needs to be updated here. Then this, this put me to the old one. Okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah, put a note for the rest. Okay. yeah. So so it's like, abundantly clear for everybody like what? What Mark and Qx are trying to create is similar or a ken. What they're trying to create is similar, or a ken to like unmannable, or. more directly, what 2 minors is doing and I started yakking about this probably a couple of months ago. The 2 miners. It's I'll pull it up in a little bit, but I wanna say it's like 7,000 erg a week. Dumped by them. if you guys can see buildings. let's see both 2. Yeah. So this was as of March 20. Third. I pulled their Their wallets are public. So anybody could do this. and I'm excel junky, not a iphone, or at a real dev but anyway, took them created it. Looked at if it was an ergo wallet or a Btc. Because that's how you run their pool. You put in what wallet you wanna get paid out in And so I grab the first 1,000 wallets which was like 85% of their hash rate and weekly. If it's approximately 20%, it look like 15%. I'm assuming more of the smaller guys are doing Vtc, but the smaller minors. so if it's 20%, it's about at the time that was 8,000 erg a week getting dumped on exchanges. So when I saw this, I started almost immediately going. hey? With Rsbtc coming. Let's at least get people to mind that right if we can. If there's enough supply of it brought over, bridged over then and put into, you know, ergodics. Then. you know, we could capture those some portion of those minors, but actually keep that value on chain instead of it being a dump. So anyway, it's pretty staggering. This is just one pool. But it's I haven't refreshed it 2 months, but it's not gonna be that different at the end of the day. any time. So anyway. survivability. Yeah. And I mean, then, even if it goes off, at least it's going off using the chain instead of you know them dumping on. I think they use cocoon. It's either that or they're using Ku or David, I forget which one. But somebody tracked it down real quick. The marketing update Austin has reached out to 3 of the 5 firms that we got leads on he has a meeting with one of them this week and that was like Midweek was the last update on that. How hackathon we've covered that pretty good do promote tweet there are. I'm pretty excited the Cornell blockchain folks, Riva, but then I think she is pulling 2 or 3 of her contemporaries classmates whatever you want to call them cohort in, and they have a project, I think, in that right Glasgow. They have a a tag.

Mark Glasgow: Team, they said. They're still trying to think over what to do this morning.

Cannon: Okay. Anyway, I'm excited, like, I think that's an interesting that could be an interesting park potentially if that occurs right just from going to a conference to get some younger, you know. Blood into the ecosystem might be me? Oh. yeah. And then the liquidating tokens. Qx. Would probably have more to say on that. And then, I think. are you in here? Do you have? Yeah. Paul's in here? What? Last week we talked about it? What's your take on the easiest way to do this, since it's coming out of the multi sake, is it? Just gonna go into one person's wallet and then have a bot do it, or what's gonna be the easiest way in your head if he can talk Ella? in that. I'm tired of talking. What else What else do I need to talk about, or what else do I need to discuss. Yeah, I've left that one up here. yeah, I I leave that up here cause it's something we started. And there was a lot of people, lot 4 or 5 that started running them. it's I wouldn't say it's gone by the wayside, and there's people still running bots. I've reached out to. I reached out to Yasha and he said he would. They're obviously working on Splash just like a month and a half ago. that once it got splashed, launched he wanted me to circle back around with him on figuring out that they would possibly help fund a branch on hummingbox that would work with ergodic spectrum, except, you know, with their frameworks. Sweet. which would be pretty pretty dope, and it and it kills 2 birds with one stone for them. Right? It gets the card on our land. So I mean 1 one attempt on that work gets you, you know, 2 2 Byte at the apple, which is nice. And and Max, if I understand it, Max Mxc. Is not a it's not supported by hummingbird and. So that would be another opportunity. if you go through the Hummingbot Foundation or their devs, it's about 4 to 8,000 to get something integrated. But it's public at that point, like it's not like you pay it that yours, I mean they do it. It's a you know. Public branch that's out there. So that sort of stopped it, I think, at that point. And then when I heard that, Yasha said, yeah, we may help fund it or help throw devs at it, whatever you know. Once we get past splash or get that launched. you know. Sort of put it on the back burner a little bit. Didn't want to put a lot of effort into. you know. Keep tracking that day. There is Hummingbot pro, or something like that. That work. I forget the the term of it, but it works on Dexes so like your primary unit. Swap, sushi, swap, etc. it is down, for it's down for maintenance at the moment. and they're like reworking it. Was the last feedback from the Hummingbot team like a week or 2 ago. I don't have an Ata, but I've started queuing them up, and the market maker saying. based on the catalyst proposal updates from Rosen, you know, doesn't sound like the resin. Eve is like 6 months away. It sounds like it's 2, 3, 4 months away, you know. I mean, it's pretty close. So what do we need to do to get ready to support, you know, liquidity on in spot. you know, like, what do we need to do? You know. how do we? How are we successful? How are we? What information can we give to projects so like, if Glizzy wants to go on their duck pools like, if anybody wants to put their bridge their token, you know, what do we need to help. What infrastructure do we need to help people be successful in doing that? so the in the one thing I don't have on here, I said, we're talking is the market micro update. so it's it's been interesting. Let's say the least. markets 59, 24 out of one. Okay. so hcx coupin. mxc. those are supported by our market maker gate is not coin. X has their own Am. M. Pools that you can put your money into, or put your funds into? I haven't seen non Kmsc high in a while. Which is great and trade over is lower like normal. So our volumes have been increasing. To say the least. If you just like, start looking through a trend. And I wasn't trying to pull this together, but ran out of time. I answered the question to somebody and general Chat, I think, or maybe it was. Yeah. I think it was general chat prior to March. The average volume was like 360 or 80 90 KA day since March. when Sigma's Petition Foundation Foundation. Granted the request. We've had. I think it's like less than 15 or 20% of the days since then have been below that prior volume. So they're like, here's one so there is. you know, one of the the pillars we were working on when we were the seminars interviewed market makers was. you know, we we need to increase volumes so that we are not attractive to tier one and just general put in there new new people that might be looking at the project. And so you know something to get into or invest into, etc. So it's it's trending in the right direction on volume Unfortunately, if you go back the chart as volume increased. prices dropping so no one wants to see that right like no one ever wants to see anything down into the right. And so it's supposed to be up into the right. So for May, we're we're above where we were in September, which is great about 20%. But that's still a kick in them kicking the jump from you know, in March for about down 50 from where we were in March. So again, the market makers and that told to affect price, it is to gently create create an atmosphere for volumes to being more. Yeah, basically to be more like 2, allow it for create a marketplace. But there can be more volume. so From February to March there was a big number in Glasgow probably know it better than May. I don't remember off the top of my head. I think it was like 50,000, or maybe that the foundation made The market manages.

Mark Glasgow: You must.

Cannon: Yeah, U, Usd, yeah. And the the market makers switched early. When I was just talking with them, they turned on, hey, we're gonna start shifting into herd because the price is low, like right here And then we had this run up, and I gently accident, without really causing much volume spikes, or anything like that. So we foundation got some some funds out of that. That in turn they've made it generous donation to the 6 that boosted our treasury. That all being said. Obviously, they're balancing or cost averaging down and to earn during this down slope. but that's sort of the update. I mean, it's going well, they're active in chats with us. If anybody has questions feel free to ask in the chat, am they? Directly. but we are. I wouldn't say unshackling, because we're not like trying to create like bullshit volume. But we're asking them, you know. Do but you know what tools you have that are, you know, on the more ethical side. you know, moving closer to spread. You know that kind of thing and help us with volume and then Glasgow, can you give us an update? for those that haven't been following the Fun Drama whenever, with finance and finance and cracking, I think, sort of both at the same time.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, sure. And so. and some kind of Twitter teams trade the flow. And it's got what it follows. It's on a big report or formula tweet, as we thread. and we kind of highlighted how all the projects finance have been listing and have a low supply emitted. and then mostly Vc. Back to Nicore to dump afterwards. And so there's a high emission Vc. Coins that can I, vestine that they just dump on market. And so in response to this, the change, the integration framework. And instead, they're looking for projects that have already had most of the coins emitted and the went to the community. So we kind of fit the bill perfectly for that one. and I've got an application there and on on the same day, cracking announced that they'd be changing the framework invited people to apply through it. I think there's kind of more worded for tokens and what we got loads of loads of views on that retweet from Charles at most visiting projects, and the guy followed us, at least on his radar at minimum, though. and some application in there, and hopefully they get back to us. Let's listen.

Cannon: Yeah. Cause our our background. One of the market makers that was the loan model or the loan option model connected us with one of the internal. more head people at Cracken. He wasn't on the he was more on the trading side. And we asked George peppered in with questions, and it would usually be let me get to the listing tape, you know, and we didn't really get anywhere, but we were at least in the door with them, and it just didn't seem like at the time there was any interest in anything that wasn't just a high volume, you know. Frankly, ship coin. Token is all that they've all these guys have been listing right? Right? so yeah, I've pulled up the Tweet so everyone can say it. But it's yeah, that Greenberg is the head of their one of their segments. And I think he that's who, he said, followed us back right. This person here.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, yeah, we got you.

Cannon: Can't. But So yeah, anyway. Ho! Hopefully, something comes with that. I mean, you would think I can't find where finance or kraken or coinbase have listed a L one coin that's proof of work, and like over a year it might be 2 years in the thing that.

Mark Glasgow: I was. Gonna say, Banas is in deep shit now, and Suzy is in prison. Have a Us government basically controlling what they do. So hopefully, we should get that together. There's no reason we shouldn't be there when they can list. Alicia coordinates with 10% between the supply and just jump in the community to get that get active on hopefully. That's the start of it. And of course it.

Cannon: Yeah, and that that could be a weird catalyst for all this right. But that actually benefits proof of work. But I mean the one that kills me, and I love them or hate them. But I mean shit. Casper got up to like top 25, maybe at 1 point, and none of those guys list them because. you know, they can't get a big supply to dump on people. I mean, period like, why wouldn't you want that volume like period like it's a top 30, you know, proof of work out of nowhere, you know, 2 years ago, and none of them are listing it because they can't generate profit, not just volume, you know. It's just crazy.

Mark Glasgow: So so competition to the ones projects they've liked. Right often be the case.

Cannon: Yeah, I don't really think about that. But for sure, right? They don't want something new and sexy to pop in or new with a sexy, you know, pitch to come in and scan their volume. So I don't even think about it like that. But yeah, that's probably even closer to the truth right? They all have the horses that they back, or, you know, have a tranche of tokens or coins. And so, anyway, hopefully, that all happens. But definitely guys the last thing urban is doing. I think part of the promotion this month through these coming weeks is related to segment out mining pool. So they are. promoting, retweeting everyone sort of on that. So yeah, that's we get about a quarter an hour, except like point 2 4.2 5 per block ghost, the second knots for running the pool. Which sort of covers the cost right now of running the goal like just the the hardware costs server costs. But yeah. I don't. I don't have anything else. I literally will stop talking now at this point, so 7 anybody else jump in or break him. jump off. In a few minutes nobody jumps in.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, not much. Me. I was just gonna say, and make sure to get involved in hacking asking projects well, up to what the project is clarifying questions or going to twitter between there or go threads. Helen. The projects I think we've got like 50,000 views. not 1230. And so we keep up posting on a deal. So some projects go through or something because it doesn't. And so yeah, just try and keep up and get this hardware voted. Yes, we can.

Coffee: Yup. Well done, Karen, you did did a good job today for covering for Qx.

Cannon: Yeah. thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Now, Glasgow, is there a I was thinking about this, for these I like is not infographic. But this graphic you guys have, is there a somewhere on get or a folder somewhere that has all of these? Just so that if we wanted to grab a few of them and say, Hey, go check this out. Here's the, you know, like, on our own independent way, or those out there without having to just copy or go find the old tweet and copy and paste it. Kind of thing.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, there's a there's a dropbox, and with all this stuff on it I've not put these ones just made them up past few days, but I'll drag them over. and then also the figma with the actual zoom things. If anyone wants access to that. be careful. Not but yeah, I'll put them off the dropbox.

Cannon: Okay.

Mark Glasgow: Which you can. You can find on the main page space all that show that show sheet. I share delegate in community based marketing.

Cannon: Okay. if you can drop that link on the sales like Discord Twitter, or discordant telegram again, that'd be great.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah. Hold on.

Cannon: Cause. Then it's just there, and I'll I'll put it in the I'll put it in our meeting agenda as well, just so people can get back to it. The other thing the chat gpt for ergoscript. That glass trained. that thing is fucking legit man like it's you can set. You can give it like a duck. Pools contract. If you wanted to like the new air, drop thing and say, analyze this. Tell me, you know it'll be like, Oh, this is good. This is good. You might consider changing this like so that there's more information for a reader on what you know. is happening. But it's it's pretty sweet, man. It's a pretty cool tool, I think, for the community in general to like almost self audit before you interact with a contract if you wanted to. It's pretty sweet. Yes. Ms paper.

Mark Glasgow: For educational stuff. They can just ask it like, what does this lay mean? It's good in detail, like. I'm 3 years old.

Cannon: Yeah, it's, I mean, it's yeah. It's pretty amazing, I think. And that's public, right? Is that costing us to host that or.

Mark Glasgow: It's just like $15 a month. There's not much.

Cannon: Oh, sweet, yeah, I would say, I don't know if you've put that in the chat on the.

Mark Glasgow: I have. No, but we'll do. That's a good idea.

Cannon: Well, I I'm thinking, especially for like Reva and the folks that are like brand new like, here you go like, even if they wanted to almost like. I think most of them said that they did solidly right like. even if they had a project they've already done there like, can you translate from this to this? You know it can probably do a decent, you know. At least point them in the right direction. You know.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, get a good a good chunk of the way there.

Cannon: Yeah. So anyway, guys, I appreciate everybody jumping on it has been 61 min. as my little son would say. That's 3,600 and 16 s. Thank you for doing that. And investing that. And let's have a great week. Definitely promote the ergo, hag definitely promote the sky harbor. their raffle and get in Padaya and vote we got 3 votes active right now. So 2 or 3 actors. So anyway, thanks guys.

Coffee: No, thank thank you. Kennan, you did. You did, great man! Seriously.

Cannon: Hey? Hey? I'm I'm like the the pinch hitter that's, you know, battered and bruised, that threw me in with Christie. I felt like an idiot like I can. I? I can't even code the line of anything. Oh, yeah. Why don't you introduce ergo, hack with Christy? Sure, sure, Buddy.

Coffee: Yeah, no, he's Alex is such a smart, fucking cookie man. It's it's insane.

Cannon: Yeah. he's good, I think when he talks to me he realizes, like, you know, hey, I'm the authority of the room, you know. He can sort of.

Coffee: Okay.

Cannon: Put on a different hat a little bit, you know, which is good, I think. he's never a braggart about it right, but I think it. You know it should hopefully empower him that he's, you know, in there with the 4 year old when it comes to coding. So anyway. Yeah. Thank you. Guys, if you have stuff, coffee, I'm gonna follow up with you on the eternal stuff. for while at Wonderland I may have you run through our questionnaire questions and see. since you already had that mindframe a little bit may happy to look at the potential questionnaire and sort of give us like, Hey, change this, you know. Adjust that kind of thing. If you have time today or tomorrow

Coffee: Yeah, just yeah. Yeah. Just send it my way. I'll I'll give it a look over.

Cannon: Okay, appreciate it.

Coffee: Yeah. No worries.

Cannon: That's.

Coffee: Alright guys for the Americans in the room have a wonderful memorial day. And yeah, hopefully, you got tomorrow off. Yeah.

Cannon: I'm working. But yeah, it's a good thing I'll be able to pay so close enough project so.

Coffee: Nice. alright!

Mark Glasgow: Cheers. Guys, that's kind of.

Cannon: Cheers, thanks, guys! Bye.

Coffee: Peace.
