+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: June 9, 2024'
date = '2024-06-09T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++



qx(): I just like to say, Reston, and it's an amazing individual for converting these to the weekly meeting notes. Thank you, Rustin. How's everybody this week. Good, bad, terrible! Mark the shark! Hang it in there! I like your cosmos hat. Is that a magic school bus hat? What is that? You're muted. You're muted. You're still muted here. I'll ask you to unmute it should pop up.

TELEPHONE_USER: Can you hear me now?

qx(): There you go, sir.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah. It's it's a half from Rei. Nothing, nothing. Nothing crazy.

qx(): What's on it? Oh, oh, Rei, I gotcha gotcha gotcha! It's like urban urban camo.

TELEPHONE_USER: Did you care?

qx(): It's awesome. Yeah.

TELEPHONE_USER: Looks like I was like. Don't let's get it.

qx(): Alright. I'm not gonna go from the agenda today. Because I didn't look at it. But let's let me just start with stuff that I have. So I spoke with 4 eyes this week. He made a really nice flow chart about how the application worked, and we sat down this is Lgd. And Mgp. And we sat down and went through it step by step up for Sigma lock. It seems like it's gonna it seems like they can program it with even more functionality than we wanted. what's it called? Essentially they can even make it so that they can add to the smart contract box. So let's say, let's say I'm setting aside a thousand herds for my kids. Or let's say I want to pay a dev a thousand herds, and I give. I lock it up into a box, and I send them the token. And I say, here you go. Here's a token. You can redeem this in 6 months. You know. Look at the code, you know it's provable kind of thing, but let's say he does a really good job 2 months in, and I want to give him a bonus, but I still don't want him to unlock the tokens for another 6 months. I can add another bunch of tokens into that, and make a new transaction that makes a new box from the old one, and essentially lets me add to it as long as the old funds. Essentially with a smart contract, they can say, Look. you can make a new box from this as long as all the old perimeters are still intact, so you can keep on doing that and adding to it as long as that's still intact. So so that's a pretty cool feature. I thought, too, that you could enhance the boxes once they're made, but everything else it seems like they can do so essentially, we'll have a a locking app that you know we can promote to projects who don't want to do like ergo pad ideos, you know you could take like. Let's take let's take Hq. If he's launching it. Well, he'll probably do his own thing. But like Bob is something he could take bober tokens and lock them up in a bunch of individual things, and then ship out the tokens to people the nfts, and I also asked Lgd. If they could. The one thing they didn't have that I was thinking of when when we are going over is a bulk creation tool. So I want them. You know how you go to ergo utils, and you air drop from there. If you ever use that to Airdrop? Same kind of thing? I want you to be able to go to the Sigma lock. I want you to be able to put in 10,000 or 10 million tokens and say, I want 50 nfts from this, so it'll divide the 10 million tokens between 50 nfts. Ship them to you. Those 50 Mft's unlock 50 different boxes, so then you can ship them out to or air. Drop them to whoever you want, or create some sort of, you know, fishing game, or whatever where you enter ergs and then get a token back whatever the project wants to do. Kind of thing, so they're gonna implement that as well. But seems good. I didn't ask for a timeline, but but but I don't think it'll take them too long. I don't think it's that complex, and the cool benefit is too. I. I asked them to dockarize it for us as well, so we can spin it up on any server we want to, and we can also say, Look, if we stop running the server, it doesn't matter. Just download this docker, run it on your computer and you can interact with the boxes yourselves, create, make, destroy whatever you want. You know, kind of thing. So I I think that'd be pretty neat, so essentially if you give if you if if if you want to give like what's it called you know, to somebody years down the road you can wrap up. You can zip up the docker, give it on a USB along with a ledger device with the nft or something, and hand it off to them kind of thing. So so it kind of makes it self contained, which is good. So yeah. And then also he built in. He built in a fee structure that his suggestion was a fee. Structure exists both ways. So you'll 6 will get a little fee when the box is created. Sigs will get a fee if the box is updated, you know. Stuff more added, and Sigs will get a fee when the box is burnt cashed out at the end, so it's it's We'll see as long as a fee is small. I don't think people will mind and it'll be revenue for the 6. So yeah. so I'll keep you guys posted on that, as it happens. And hopefully, we can do some testing once that comes up. What's his name canon had an idea for something to be added to it. But then he came back and said that it would have drastically changed it too much. So I think he's gonna pursue something on his own from there. So we'll see what that is. What else you guys see the message I put from Captain Nemo in chats about testing out abyss. If you guys have time check out I did. I think I put it in chat somewhere, and I pinned it. Let me go check. I think I even PIN the Sigma not Sig chat PIN. Yeah, right here, I'm gonna post a link right in the chat here. So you guys can see it. There you go. If you go to that chrome, Plugin Link. It's the dev version of of Nautilus. So if you guys recall, you know novice is getting chopped, for, you know, not having much progress done lately. But then it became public that they were working on a full rewrite of the back end to comply with some stuff that Google was pushing recently. So this is essentially that this is a rewrite of nautilus in this back end, and he's asking us to test it for him. So I've tested on a couple of sites. So far, I think I had issues with Hq. Site. and I had issues with ergo auctions. So I sent that to Nemo on the main Nemo chat for a nautilus, and he had a new build in like 3 h, and it works on ergo auctions. So he's really fast. He's really concerned about making sure this is good before it replaces the upstream full version. Kind of thing. So if you guys have time, you know. Make it your daily driver with your spender wallet. Kind of thing, and and you know, report any errors back. The cool thing about this, too, is now that he's got time more bandwidth he is going to implement. If you guys were listening in chat, he's going to implement the blacklist that is being curated as a yaml file in github so the way that rustin has that set up is that He! There's a script that you can run that automatically pulls from Acos Api, which is like the self community reported on Eric explore. And that'll remake the Yaml file and and then Nautilus will just pull from that essentially, and you'll have a checkbox. You can do a nautilus that says I don't want to see Nfw nfws. I don't want to see scam tokens, and it'll just hide those based on the based on the blacklist. So I think that's really cool. And of course, since it's on Github, you don't have to run the script to pull from echoes if you want to do like, if you just want to do a change to it and push it on. Github, that works as well. It goes. Api just makes a little easier, and it's probably a little easier to self report there, too, because I believe what's it called? Correct me if I'm wrong, Mark. If you were listening, I think Aco said, that it goes through an approval system with his him, too. So if somebody reports a scam token or an Nf. Nsfw. Token it's checked with them him and Hq. 1st before. It's like you know, totally marked, so somebody can't go spam and Nsf. W. Tokens on like I don't know Mober, or something like that. Sisyphus. Push. Yes, sir.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah. So this is a a, a complete rewrite of of the base code.

qx(): I believe so. It's it's whatever rewrite needed to to meet the Google Compliance standards for post for having an app on the Chrome store.

Sisyphuspush: So I, personally wouldn't know how to check it. either by looking at the code or even by testing it out. But I guess the only thing I would wouldn't necessarily be concerned about Will. Wanna know is that the guard rails are still in there for like box limits, when for unspent transactions coming back exceeding the box and burning the tokens, rather than getting a warning beforehand, because I remember that was.

qx(): Sat back in the day, didn't.

Sisyphuspush: Is it? But with a complete rework that would be. The only thing I can think of is that you know, something like that is still in there, and.

qx(): Ping him, and.

Sisyphuspush: Wouldn't have a check. It.

qx(): Ping him in. Ch. No, no, yeah. Ping him in chat. Ask him that question, and nautilus chat. If you're if you're in that chat and say, Hey, like, remember that thing that's prevented tokens over a certain amount being burnt is, that is, that in the new build of abyss, just making sure kind of thing. Yeah, cool. Good point. Good point. Yeah. But you don't need to know. Coda, you know. I mean, I know you're saying that specifically, but otherwise, just if you use it as your daily driver and just pop up basic errors. That's what he's just trying to get against. Essentially he doesn't want growing. He doesn't want, you know. His concern was that people would download the new version, and there'd be something that he didn't see in this in this build, and they'd be like, no, this sucks what the hell's wrong with air go kind of thing. So it's a lot of pressure. Nautilus is like the you know the de facto wallet right now the best one. I don't know, Gray man. I don't know what was wrong with the code. i i i didn't listen fully to what the explanation was back in the day. So I'm not sure I just know that something changed in Google to where they had to do some serious rewrites in the back end, or changes to make it make it still be able to be a Chrome Plugin. Yeah. Might be security based things I don't know. Who knows? I don't know. I can only speculate. But yeah. alright, what else do we have alright. So I talked to. I talked to Glasgow over the week. and you know I'm not. I'm not trying to argue with Glasgow about the merits of You know what he you know what his decision making was, you know, as far as I'm concerned, you know. In in truth, that's his channel, like I said last week. And that's the Ef channel. It's his channel as a moderator of it. And he's enforcing, you know, policy based on what he feels, you know, with those rules. So what I did get from him, though what I did come to an agreement is that we were gonna work on some sort of mitigation there to where the Ef agrees that we would have more of a community policy about kicking and Banning. so that mark actually, in baseless years ago, or maybe a year, couple of years ago, he he made a karma bot essentially, that allowed users to upload and downvote people based on what they're saying and depending on how many up votes or down votes they got. It would mute that person for X amount of minutes. Kind of thing. So if you have somebody like being ridiculous, the community can get together and put a couple of down votes on a couple of their messages, and they'll be muted for a little bit kind of thing, and then, if it goes beyond that, and the community is still fed up. Then perhaps we could vote to to ban somebody based on that. But he is an agreement that that would be helpful. And I asked him outright, you know, is is the is the Ef. Are you willing to you know. Compromise on that? If we stick with you know these, you know, cause you just made a beautiful setup in telegram with a bunch of you know. Sub sub sublinked chat chat rooms chat chat threads, so it's great and I'd hate to have that go to waste. But yes, so so let me see if I have the chat, so I can bring up the exact wording It was like it was several days ago, so I can't remember. I said. do, do, do, do, do, do, do. I said. are you willing to implement a bot admin bot ban, or some method that at least on then rule policy book states that it takes more than one admin to ban someone and follow it along with the other admins of the group. So that's essentially my ask from him. Look, are you willing to do this with these groups? And he said, Yes, so so that should be in the pipe coming up? Which means either we have an up and vote down kind of temporary mute system. And then anything more egregious than that? We discuss a band before it happens? So that's great that we have that agreement. In the meantime, though, I still think we need some sort of official Sigma Nott's communication method that if anything else breaks down. Then at least we have that. Do you? And you guys know any system that makes it easy like that? Maybe email like, does everybody have email. And if we have everybody's email address, we could at least have, like a group mailing lists where communication can still go out. If if something crazy happens in an ef hosted server. What are your guys? Thoughts.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, I suppose email would be the easiest. Just possibly.

qx(): But I mean, if PE people are concerned about privacy, they can just spin up a fake gmail, or something like that, you know. It's not a.

TELEPHONE_USER: Right.

qx(): They don't have to give up their Andre Halfner, gmail.com address kind of thing. Anybody else would anybody else have issue with, like just making asking all Sigs to donate their email address or something? I know we need that. Ergo, messaging app. I know. Grave man, it's on my list. It is at some point. Yep. at least version one. Once I get version one up and show you guys, then hopefully, we can vote to pay for version 2, a more robust version with 4 eyes. That is done correctly. But yeah. what do? What do you mean, Grayman? We're all not. We're not all getting banned. So why not just let Dms Twitter, etc? I think it's more of the Raymond. I'm just trying to enforce something that the misconception that the Ef. S. Sigma group is an official group. it's a form of communication. and if if we have if we have more of an official kind of yes, belong to the Sigs means that you have to give an email, and that is a de facto form of communication. And nobody gets kicked for that email unless they are actually banned from the Sigmundance completely. And the token slashed, if that's possible, in the future. That's that's the idea. Greatman. Major. No, no the message. The ergo messaging app we can make that encrypted essentially so, the encrypted message will be in a in an nft. And then, based on your Ptk proof, you'll be able to unencrypt that just like, Pgp and email. Yeah, but I, major major and great, it's really about getting people to have the the get rid of the misconception that if they're kicked from the ef group from misbehaving. That's a sigs. Then they're not out of the Sigs. Necessarily. It's more of the line of hey, guys, you're a sig. Here's the official form of communication for the Sigs. There's a mailing list. etc. We also have Padilla. Well, I guess, Padilla, yeah. you could just add a comment chain. that's true. But what happens if prettier servers go down. you know, and we also have people issues with staking, too, like Rustin took a month to get his token staked. So I'm not sure. Yeah. And some some things don't even want to stake their sick to stake their video token. Not that you have to to comment, but alright, alright! Well, that's something to good to chat about in chat. We can bring that up these 2, these 2 you have pi issues. That sounds like a medical problem. Gray man. alright cool. I think it's a good starting point. We'll bomb, chat and get 50 different opinions and see what. See what the majority is about that kind of thing cool? I haven't asked to. I mean, the other thing is Austin's still not in the chats. Right? How do? How do people feel about that? Do people agree with Mark's decision there? Do they want to ask Mark to bring him back. Do a petition on Padilla to bring him back into chats. What's nobody seems to be having much action, or just laying low kind of thing. Anybody have any opinions. Grayman has an opinion.

TELEPHONE_USER: What's the tldr on that.

qx(): Mark mark felt that. that austin was asking questions and making statements that he knew better because he had been explained, and was in chats where he knew what was going on. and thought that mark. So the thought that Austin was being kind of almost like a bad actor, as far as that goes, so.

TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.

qx(): You know, awesome when it's far to say something like this. The ergo foundation is actively not listing things because of X on intentionally. They're intentionally not getting exchange listings and that kind of thing. And Austin was. Austin's been in, you know, and some of the exchange chats. So he knows how awful it is. So Mark's thought was. If Mark, if Austin knows that, then why is he saying this? And there's only one reason, and Mark's head of why he was saying that. So got it. So yeah, I mean, if you if you watched it, if you watched over the months. There's been numerous times that mark in Austin have gotten into it. And you know, once somebody says something. Somebody says, you know, Mark says something back to to try to correct or reg that kind of thing. I don't think Austin buys it all the time. So some skepticism there between the 2 of them. So yeah. and then Mark has the keys. So Mark just pulled the trigger.

TELEPHONE_USER: Got it? Got it? Thank you. Hmm.

qx(): yeah. I got you, major. I gotcha. Yeah, it's it's I've what's it called a common thing that I try to fight, not fight, but I feel a lot of people look to the Ef as like the big daddy of kind of stuff. And I think Austin specifically looked to the Ef. To think. You know, they were allocated 4% funds in the beginning, and they're not doing what they promised, as far as that goes. So that was Austin's point of view. There, and I get I get it. I get it. But ef has an approach, and it's a public approach, and it's a transparent approach from what I see in their transparency report and their mission. So it's I don't really have a huge issue with them, not dumping money into an exchange, and personally, I think central exchange listings are fucking stupid for ergo, at this point I mean, look what happened to Mexi. We went up to 2, almost to something, and then back down to what are we at? A dollar? 5 right now, or something like this? It's let's see, I gotta look now. A dollar 12. 0, we had a little pump from the temp of 1. 0, 6 this morning. Yeah, so I it it would. You know. What do you do? Ask? Ask that you have to spend their last 1 million dollars on? Well, let's say they liquidate their millions of dollars. Spf, which tanks the price there and then they spend a million dollars on some big listing. I don't think that's gonna make much of a difference. I think the people that want, ergo, now are buying it through the means that they can. And I think. yeah, I think those listings will come. If not. Then we have rose and bridge. But yeah. yeah, that's my thought. I, fucking. I hate central exchanges awful, I mean. Look at look at look how? Look at that yeah. Let me bring up the chat. Me share my screen. So I mean, this is Bill King. I sent. I sent Mark a message and said, thanks for the chuckle. But look at this. This is the central exchange for you. Fuck, you know it's obvious it's it's it's not a this shouldn't be a shock to anybody. They don't give a fuck about anything. Their business. They're making money. Of course they're not gonna list a community project. That's actually what all the root of crypto is, and an evolution of Bitcoin. They don't give a shit. you know. I mean. that's that shouldn't be a surprise. It should definitely be like a surprise. Pikachu, right there. But

TELEPHONE_USER: Such.

qx(): But yeah, hopefully, you know, hopefully, hopefully, crack, it happens it'd be nice. But I don't think it's worth a million dollars, or whatever that, you know Price was in the past or crack. It never charged right. That was a deal. They just need a lot of volume. So the idea was to get a lot of other tiers to pump that volume up to get us there. But still that cost money. Oh, no, that's just my opinion. So fuck it. we got off. Topic. Yeah, what were we? What were we talking.

TELEPHONE_USER: So I would say to that, though then, you know, I think opinions matter, and whether up up, whether it's uphill or downhill. But I guess the ideas with Austin, I think, is just the idea of like. you know, you can't just go out. I don't know. You gotta do it the right way the right channels. So I think you know, maybe let them back in no knowing that like, hey? The proper way to talk about something. you know, cause I think again, should all be able to talk about whatever the case. But yeah, let's not not do it the wrong way, you know. I guess.

qx(): You know I had interesting, Mark said something interesting, and it wasn't necessarily about Aust. But we have talks about bad actors quite a bit in the background. Mark's got an amazing tool, actually, that, like spiderwebs wallets together. He sent me the link he made himself using some tooling, but it's like it's like what's it called? You know, those spider spider charts like the 3 Spider models where you have like one wallet, and then you have lines going out to other wallets, and then those go out to other wallets kind of thing. So you can. You can do that and say, I want to go 5 wallets back, and it shows you can just zoom through. So so you know, we have talks about bad actors once in a while. And I said, You know, Mark, I said. I said, they're gonna get worse. We're gonna get into, you know, once this is more mainstream. We're gonna have many more bad actors in here that are just looking to manipulate and and extract value. I said, you know, we gotta be prepared for this, so we can't be kicking out everybody, we think, is a bad actor. The Sigs. At least we need to be practice and prepared for this, and understand how to manage it. And he's like. he's like, yeah, you know, that's that's the point. But, you know, these people will be coming along for the ride, but they don't need to ride shotgun while they do it, and that I thought that was a good point. We don't need to be exclusive about that, but they don't need to ride shotgun at least known bad actors. They don't need to make decisions and ride a shotgun, and that kind of thing. So I I thought that was a good point, that I took the heart there. It was a good explanation. I thought, on his part about that kind of sip. But but yeah. no. Well, we will. I mean, there's there's people in the ecosystem that that you gotta look at it from Mark's point of view. Right? Think about the manifesto. Think about what ergo is coming from. and then people enter the ecosystem, and they just extract value and extract value, and which has a negative effect on ergo, so yeah, I don't know. I see. I see both sides there, you know.

TELEPHONE_USER: True.

qx(): Go for what it is there. And -oh! What's what's Grayman saying? Sorry man, about? Is he about to say something? Starting off with a sorry alright. Well, he types I'll ask Mark about What it would if the community came together and said, Lots of humor, volume, nice cream and I'll ask Mark what he thinks about. if the community came together and said, You know, let's unban this person and you know, with a set of guidelines of how proper, how to properly engage in dialogue and discourse in a chat, and we'll see what he says in the ef chat, so I'll let you guys know about that.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah. if anything, too, we could add on some type of like. And he's banned for like 6 months, or something like that just again, cause like, like you're saying, we we really gotta worry about people extracting value. And so you know, so definitely add on some type of like. you know negative effect. So future people, don't you know, do this sort of thing in the future? I guess right, because it it affects everybody right. I guess.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, I I'm not saying Austin's extract one of those extr- value extractors. He's obviously not, you know. He's pumped.

TELEPHONE_USER: And hunters.

qx(): Thousands of dollars into his own project. But But there are people in the Sigs at least, too, that are of that nature. So that are, you know, they they know when we're selling and when we're buying and and what's going on. So that makes me a little cautious at times, but but yeah.

TELEPHONE_USER: Oh!

qx(): Major, what do you mean? Can we set guidelines without mark in Austin? Like, just in general? Yeah, I think, Mark, I think in the ef chat Mark should have guidelines posted, and they should be one of the pins, perhaps. And discord mark does. Yeah. I can. I can I got you there? I mean, we can definitely suggest guidelines. Yep. I don't see why not. Yep. I mean, he's already Mark's already taken the suggestion of no, no, I re recognize that it's not about protecting anybody's feelings for sure. Yep. Mark's already taken the guidance of or this the offer of You know what the policy is for kicking people in the mute bot that he's gonna bring out soon, I hope? So. I don't see why he wouldn't be against, you know, posting some standards that the community suggests for discourse. Yep. yeah. What else? sigmining pool going all right have you been getting your Rosen? Mark?

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, I've been getting a decent amount I've been noticing every day. So it's been great.

qx(): Okay, I think the next thing I'm gonna do is Do a Rosen Ada Pool, and I'll switch my own rig to that, and then I'll adjust the code to be able to pay both you and me out, so it should be able to do it in the same transaction, because we should be able to. S. Should be able to see that you wanted Rose in. It should be able to see that I wanted Rosean Ada, and then put the proper token ids in the in the tx that it's building for that. So that's pretty neat you want, Gort, you want you want to mind Gort Gate Grayman. We can do that, too. We'll do that after Ada. I think mine and Gort would be super cool. I think that's what Christy said in the am. Then the dev update that we recorded yesterday. He's like you could mind, Gort, I was like, yeah, that'd be cool.

TELEPHONE_USER: Like, yeah.

qx(): I we just so mark. The only thing about the Sigs mining is we need to. I need to switch the pricing to the spectrum pricing so that it's more accurate than the coin. Gecko. and and then we need to do you have anything. Do you have a rig, mark, that is the exact same like, do you have a 30, 90, or whatever you run? Do you have 2 cards that are exactly the same that you could mine a second card to a different address, essentially, but it's mining erg, and then we could mine them at the same time, and you could do an exact comparison of card per card gigahash per giga hash and then how manyergs you got versus how many Rosen you got for the other card. Is that possible that you could, that you could get that metric.

TELEPHONE_USER: I do have 2 different server cases, though they're all like sixty-fours and 56 Vegas, but they're like different manufacturer. So, but they're all big at 50 sixes. And so there's 8 of them and 8 of them. I don't really have them separated where it's like one can do this, and then switch one off and do like one other.

qx(): Oh, I got so are you, are! Do you have your whole server case running? Rosen? Is that the one that's you're you're running a whole server case on Rosen.

TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So.

qx(): Are they the same giga hash each.

TELEPHONE_USER: He's short.

qx(): What's that?

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, 3 or 4 cards are all running Rosen, cause I right now it's not through. It's single worker, not the individual cards.

qx(): Gotcha, and that's a is. Do you have another rig? That's the exact same Giga hash is that one.

TELEPHONE_USER: For these other 2. I do, yeah.

qx(): So you could make that metric compare now even with your recent payments. Perhaps.

TELEPHONE_USER: So I I would just have to switch so I have 2 server cases and one of them. I'm I'm not using right now resin at all for for those 2. Oh, I just have to switch the 2. And then, yeah, I can get that metric up.

qx(): Do you mind doing that? Is that a pain in the ass for you.

TELEPHONE_USER: No, yeah, I can do that for sure.

qx(): Fantastic. Great! I will. That'll, that'll give us a direct me metric. Essentially, you'll see, you know. You might see fiber coming in on that one rig, and then you'll see 200 rows in, and then we know. Oh, yeah, that's almost the exact swap, you know, for the 2 at that moment that it was paid out. So then we'll know exactly that we're doing okay. There. You know, I'm just. I. I lose sleep about our ppl, Ns calculation.

TELEPHONE_USER: For sure.

qx(): Okay, that'd be.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, I think it's good that I think it's I think it's good that I mean that. Did you? Look at that visual

qx(): Your visual is awesome, man. That's gotta that should go somewhere in the dash like a link somewhere. That's did you make that? You drew that.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

qx(): That's amazing. You should put that in the dash so everybody can understand how Pplns works. It's fantastic.

TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, cool. I do have some questions on it, but I think it. I think it still makes sense with with everything. So And then, yeah, we just need to make the video. And we'll we're good.

qx(): Sweet. Sweet. Yeah. Okay.

TELEPHONE_USER: If we want to make a video.

qx(): No, no, we we can do it this week, or I can. I can do it, too, or whatever you and I can jump on and do it. That's fine, too. I watched. I watched Coquiz video with duck pools. options trading, and it set the bar kinda high. You could tell. Crass made a script for clock and clock. It did a great job reading the script and and doing the thing. It's it's it's a top notch video. So, but if that's a bar, then then we gotta really pull it. Pull it together.

TELEPHONE_USER: Right I went into it due. Is it due today or.

qx(): 15, th I thought, or is it the 10? th No, it's a 15.th

TELEPHONE_USER: Charlie Stealer. Okay, I could have sworn it was a week from the submission.

qx(): Jemma thinks tomorrow. Oh. well, Andy wrote me the other day, and I said, we have 5 days left, and he says I know I'm just I thought it was the 15.th He says. did it did. I don't see a date here. Yeah. I I said, we have 6 days left. I said that yesterday, and he's like, I know I'm just checking. I think we got time. It's not too much of a rush.

TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, cool, well, perfect. And then on that side of things, I guess I'm also messing with Fleet SDK, as you know.

qx(): Yeah, you're doing. Yes.

TELEPHONE_USER: Integrating with dashboards. Yeah, I'm having a really tough tough time, though, like. So I I got the script made and type script and then integrating that with the python dash app, I'm having like a problem. So then, but the idea is so users could mint the the nft on the dashboard, and then we can slowly roll that up, eventually getting into the smart contract game down the road. But at least the very least we can people can buy nfts, I guess, with these parameters.

qx(): You want? Mgp. Gave me a a zip file, so M. She probably uses bun for this. Are you familiar with Bun? So buns kind of like a not dockerized solution, but it allows you to just send a command to it that way. So essentially, you could just do your code and and pass a command to Bun, which would then execute the fleet SDK code, so you could.

TELEPHONE_USER: But let's do it.

qx(): Purely in python. Still get some parameters, ship it off the button button button will do the rest of it. I can send you that I can send you that zip, file. It's the it's the front end dash of wallet connecting for that Anetta Btc, swap that that they did back.

TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, right?

qx(): They were leaving. Ergo, so it's got the front end. It's got the wallet, connector and you'll you'll see how it works. Essentially.

TELEPHONE_USER: Okay. Sick. Hell. Yeah.

qx(): Alright, cool.

TELEPHONE_USER: Well, cool. Yeah, that'd be that'd be super helpful, because, like you're saying so, I guess you just serve it. And then just point to. I guess the specific commands, and then.

qx(): Yup. Just pass some parameters to Fleet, and then it should do what you need to do after you connect your wallet. Yeah. Awesome fantastic. Yeah, that'd be great. Okay, let's see, do we miss some chats here? let's see. Yeah. Agreement. And major talking about this. yeah, I think I think the 2 issues we have moving forward are, let's get some transparent community guideline rules for the chats. So people know what it's gonna take to get them kicked. Let's get a understanding that the Sigma S chat on the Ef. Is not unofficial. It's not doesn't mean you kicked out of the Sigs. If you're kicked out of that community. Let's get let's chat in main chat about what a baseline communication tool will be, whether it's padilla or email, or something else like a fallback membership communication. And then let's get Mark to clarify what his agreement is, as far as if you can adopt community guidelines that we suggest as well as the up and down mute. Excuse me, mute bot and that kind of thing. So yeah, we'll get those answers for sure. I hope. Alien. Listen to the dev update. cool. alright. Anything else, guys. And you guys, dads, you guys going to be dads next Sunday, Hq. You're not a dad yet on Sunday. Will you still celebrate Dad's day? Grayman's a dad? sis, I think you're a dad, too. Mark Sedd. not yet soon. Jemaah, I we Jemma, I don't know if Jemai has any kids I can't remember. I don't think you do do you? So yeah.

jumei: Yeah, I got sure.

qx(): You've got, how many.

jumei: 2.

qx(): 2. That's right. That's right.

jumei: It did.

qx(): so most of us will be probably busy next week. We should probably quit it and force everybody outside.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah 100%.

qx(): Okay, so I'll write that up. I'll I'll I'll write a message. I'll write a message to Mark and then I will. Also get started in chat about what our base level of communication will be. And then, if Mark's like, yeah, we'll adopt some sort of community suggested guidelines on top of the Ef guidelines and post them. Then I'll post that question and chat to start building them. Perhaps so, good guys don't forget to, you know. Keep engaging. What's his name? Keep engaging mark Greenberg. He seems he hasn't blocked people yet. His buddy builds it. But Mark hasn't blocked people yet, so it'd be nice. I mean. a free listing is nice again. I don't think I wouldn't pay a million dollars for it, but but the free ones! Fine goodness! Oh, this is your 1st dad's day! Did I miss that.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, yeah, very strong.

qx(): Holy shit! What's your what's your wife? Oh, and last month, with your wife's 1st mom's day.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, yeah.

qx(): Did you go all out? What'd you do, did you 3D printer a mess.

TELEPHONE_USER: We had Snowden we had snowed in. We're supposed to go to Breckenridge, and like we got like 2 feet of snow like in a matter of hours. So we just like waited for the snow to melt a little bit, and had sushi.

qx(): Oh, that's.

TELEPHONE_USER: So, yeah.

qx(): Is she she making plans for you for for next Sunday?

TELEPHONE_USER: I hope so. I hope so. I think so. At least. Yeah.

qx(): But yeah.

TELEPHONE_USER: It's crazy, though. My little one's 8 months old yesterday. So it's like it's crazy. The time flies.

qx(): Dude. You blink, you blink! My oldest is 18, I think.

TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.

qx(): Grayman's oldest is even older than that. So yeah, you blink, it's gone, man, it's it's great. My mom always said, my mom always said that to me when I was younger. She's like, you know, you blink, and time is done, and I never understood it until you get older. It's crazy.

TELEPHONE_USER: Right. absolutely. It's wild.

qx(): Yeah. Major's got.

TELEPHONE_USER: And monkey.

qx(): Long. Distance. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So.

TELEPHONE_USER: Lawyers.

qx(): Alright guys, don't forget oh, the Padilla! 2 Later today, in bed, I will probably scalp all the Padilla things I don't know I've meant to talk about that. I didn't get really an answer in chat since we're here. Why don't we just decide do people want to? Alright. I I put up 3 choices just because you know, it helps kick start. 1st one is, do we just let people vote that that donated second one, do we let Donated and Sigs vote 3rd one, do we let Donated and Sigs, and perhaps ask people on Twitter if they would like to get a token and do that and vote the bottom line is I I want to use Padia. I want to force people to use Padia because they need testing, they need exposure. Kind of thing. What? What are people's thoughts on that.

Sisyphuspush: I like the idea of getting everybody in there. Maybe not same weighted proportions. But maybe each individual donor gets individual vote. 6. Get a collective vote community gets a collective vote. and there you go.

TELEPHONE_USER: Principle.

qx(): So we could actually assist. We could actually give the donators 3 tokens each, or 5 tokens each. They could stake all 5 and vote 5 times per per vote, you know, if we put up if we put up 14 per propos, or what are their 9 submissions final. if we put up 9 padia proposals and say, whoever has the most votes, you know we do it in that order of winning. So that would mean that if we give 5 tokens to the donators, they could vote 5 times on each proposal if they wanted to. 5 yeses so that would give them more weight. We could give sigma nots like 2 votes each, and then we could give the public one vote each kind of thing if they wanted to. Is that what you mean in Sisa Fish?

Sisyphuspush: Not necessarily that. Still, I mean I'm not. In my opinion. It still kind of drowns out the people who donated you know whether it's a side per day, a vote with the community where the community, the winner of that that gets a single vote in the actual poll. And then the 6 vote as a collective gets a single vote in that poll and in the main poll, and then the donors. They each have an individual vote in the main poll. So the 6 is essentially, you know, one vote as a whole. The community is one vote as a whole, and that way those who donated get respected for what they contributed to it.

qx(): How do we get? How do we get more usage out of Padilla, though? That's the that's the other goal of the whole situation.

Sisyphuspush: Could it be 3 separate pulse. a community poll, a Sig poll, and then the main one with the donors, and then the results of the other 2.

qx(): So give tokens out to the community. So 3 set so 15. Essentially. because we we can't do. Remember, we can't do multiple answers on a Pedia poll. So we have to create 9 different polls. And then you just vote for the ones you want. If with a community poll, even if we made one poll. you know you can't. They can't choose which of the 9 they want, cause we're gonna do places right? We're gonna do like we're not gonna give all 4 or 5,000 herbs left to one person, we should, we should spread it out, at least, I think, to a couple of places. So then, how do? How do you determine that, Sis? We can.

Sisyphuspush: Total.

qx(): We could wait it to Sis. We could say we could go out 1st with a Twitter thing and say, Hey, community, you have 24 h or 48 h to tell us if you're interested in in joining this vote for these people, and once we get those wallets, let's say we get 50 wallets. Then we say, Okay, there's 50 there's 50 community people voting on this. There's 20 Sigs voting on this that are into. That's 70 people. So now let's wait that against the the people with tokens that donated. So that means maybe everybody that donated gets 40 tokens each so they can easily outweigh the community if they ban together kind of thing, we could wait it that way. and that would cause people to still have to use padia.

Sisyphuspush: So you would pretty much know what the community is before you hand out the donor tokens.

qx(): Yup, and we'd wait it that way specifically. So the donors could bomb past community a little bit if they wanted to.

Sisyphuspush: Okay? And someone else mentioned. I saw faucet, you know, in there. That might be another good idea to just to open up a faucet for a week period, and let whoever wants it to go get it. And so that way they don't have to expose. You know their wallet address publicly if they don't want or.

qx(): Yeah, we.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah. Elman.

qx(): We could put the we could put the what's it called? We could put this the dow token on faucet. Yep. and then what the faucet they have to connect their discord, I think user to it. That's how it singles it out.

Sisyphuspush: I'm not sure on that.

qx(): I'm I'm pretty sure that's how. Ilya's faucet works. Or is it? Is it? Ilya? It's 1 of those guys that made it. So. Yeah, yeah, so it verifies you have to do. You have to link your Mhsm, okay, thank you. Hq. you have to link your discord to it to be able to do that. So yeah, we could do that, too. We could just say, Hey, fauss, it's open for X amount of days. If you want a token, go get it, and when that's done, I just do a scan of the blockchain that determines how many people collected a token and and then we go from there essentially would have to do us. Yeah, no cause. I can see a staking token, too, so I can. If they, if they decide to stake it beforehand, then then we'll know as well. So that's fine, so we can count at the end of the thing that works this. Yeah.

Sisyphuspush: I think that's easier to message to to spread, you know, like, in messaging and sharing, you know.

qx(): Okay. alright, awesome, awesome. We can do that. So let's think about when we get the final number of people after those few days. Let's think about what the weight of the donators will be compared to that. That sound good after we get the total.

TELEPHONE_USER: Sweet.

qx(): Awesome. Okay, that sounds good. I like it. We got a plan perfect. I'll work on building the dial, making the token, binding it to it, and then I'll pass the token off to Mhs. And and he can add it to the faucet. Do we wanna add, like cause on faucet. You can do token bundles so they can get B. Padilla and Christy gold that kind of stuff we should. Should we do like What's it called the sig, the Sig voting dow token for this ergo hack token dow, and like BBC. Or something, you know. So they get a little treat when.

TELEPHONE_USER: A little.

qx(): Like, you guys have thought I was serious for the last 15 seconds.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah. Why not?

qx(): Any aftermath of the Cornel Blockchain Conference? No. The money actually made it way to my bank account the other day. So that's fantastic. I gotta wire it to them. The 10 grand she Riva's being very communicative to me, so I'm the last thing I spoke to her. Well, we spoke about the ergo hack. She joined that, and wrote a small paper on kind of a a engagement quiz that she could give students and made a video of it. But before that we were discussing that hosting a talk or workshop for her students, for her, for her group, and we would come and discuss dows or those kind of things as well as you know, the people's money kind of give them a different perspective on what they're used to with, like, ethereum. you know, pump and dump bullshit and corporate. Fiat digital fiat, I just call it digital fiat. Yeah. yeah. So that's that. That's what's looking up for next semester agreement to be more involved for me in that in there and and do that. Oh, we should. Yes, we should do beepadia and it should be Beepada and the Dow token in the package for the faucet, so people don't have to collect them both. Yeah. yeah. I don't think Bankus wants us. or we can try ping him on ping him on ping him on ping them on. What's it called? On on Twitter Freeman. Tell them that Joe and I will come and show up at their bank listing and tell them why. Projects that are designed not to extract value and actually help people aren't dead right? Alright, everybody, anybody else, anybody else have any updates. Sis, are you excited about the Sky harbor thing passing.

Sisyphuspush: Yeah, I I'm I'm excited that, you know, we're gonna have more open source tooling for the community to build off of. If we ever get in a situation where you know they need to right, become less reliant on individuals and more reliant on codes. So that's always a plus for the ecosystem.

qx(): Awesome. I agree. I agree, we need to keep in mind, though, guys, we may have to look for funding for front end tweaks. If we want to take that over because we can always, you know, like Blitz is integrating the contracts. what's it called? I think that's it so far. But the front end that quoka may be putting out there might need some work as well, so we could fork that and you know, use it as a stream of revenue for the Sigs essentially put in a really tiny ui fee for utilizing our ui and hosting it, and that would be another stream of revenue. So let's keep that in our back of our mind that that should be a possibility for us to to do kind of thing. and management.

Sisyphuspush: Definitely definitely think it's a big plus, though I think, if anything, yeah, the main thing is probably the royalties, too, though you know the fact that you know new projects can build confidently, knowing that the main marketplaces are gonna respect. The royalties is yeah. It's a lot better image than what it was.

qx(): Yeah. Yep. yep. cool. okay. I was. Gonna say one other thing, but I forgot. Oh, Hq. I don't think anybody signed up for my good things. Dow logo competition. So there's 900 rosen on the line, which is like what 70 ergs at this point 80 ergs. it's like my profits from the last couple of months, so feel free to submit something and kickstart it. It's on my personal twitter, but I announced it. But I'm trying to get good things down, Roll, and we have about 3 or 4 people that have staked the token on Padilla and are doing it. I think that's enough people to at least get it started and start making decisions about what loans to do and who to fund. I'm Gonna talk to Cushty and get him to have the group start depositing back into the Padia wallet for the Treasury so that we can start recycling those funds and pay them out. But that's exactly what Pda is beautiful for, because if you look on excel, you can. What's it called? You can. I think you can pay direct to the wallet, so we should be able to go right from Padilla to excel, perhaps, unless there's something built in there, but I can't remember. I'll have to look. But yeah, that's what it's meant for so super excited about that. If any of you guys are interested in. I have some tokens happy to let you join, even though you didn't donate just to get some people there. Yeah, let me know. Let me know if you're interested. Essentially, it's reading through reading through the Padia, reading through the Excel loan asks, you know, putting a proposals, voting on it and then kind of making sure that the funds are coming back in exile will track those payments coming back in so you don't even have to keep a real big spreadsheet or anything like that, and just keeping a general idea of where they're going, where they're coming. And then we have an interface with a missionary as well. That's in Kenya. And then on top of that, as a group figure out, hey, you know we are only dealing with 3 to $4,000 right now, what if we try to get donations over here? What if we try to reach in the real world and bring fiat on to this system. So that's the overall goal of this is to kind of grow it and grow the bank, the treasury, so that we can lend a more and more people with these UN collateralized loans.

Sisyphuspush: So essentially, this is aiming to be an administrative Dow fundraising development Dow for excel specifically.

qx(): Well, no, we just use excel for we don't even have to do that anymore. We could have our own application process guys even like a silly Google forms or something. And then we could put those forms up on Padia and vote to fund them. So we don't need excel for it. But it's there, and the the tracking is in the back end. So yeah, it doesn't.

Sisyphuspush: Doesn't really matter. I love the use of excel. I I love it so. I'm not. I'm not passionate at all.

qx(): Gotcha gotcha gotcha cool? Yeah. So if any of you guys are interested, you know, it's very low. Burn right now. So if you guys are interested. Just let me know. Throw your token.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, send me a token that'd be cool.

qx(): Alright, fantastic. Thank you.

TELEPHONE_USER: It's submitted to. I got chat ebt right of do something for me. So we'll see. Yeah, I just made a chat. Tbg made a a logo for you, and I just posted.

qx(): Oh, no! Shit alright awesome. I'm looking forward to that perfect, thank you, mark.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, of course.

qx(): Alright, cool.

TELEPHONE_USER: Easy enough, sir.

qx(): I agree, man, I can. I can stake it for you, too, if you want me. If you want some help. I did it for for for Rustin, and then I think you can pass the steak token just to another wallet, too. So if you need me to stake it, I'll steak it for you. In the meantime no big deal. Hi! Guys got 30 seconds left. I hope you all have a splendid week and enjoy yourselves.

TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, thanks. You guys, too. Take care.

Sisyphuspush: Everyone is so.
