+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: April 21, 2024'
date = '2024-04-21T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

qx(): Amazing. Why don't we start with saying Rustin is an amazing person. and such a fantastic Sigma knob! Do I have any seconds with that.

Mark Glasgow: Be there.

qx(): I'm not sharing my video. You can't see my ugly face. There we go alright. Let me share my screen. I'm real sleepy guys. We put out maybe 300 bags of mulch yesterday and today we gotta slice them and dice them and spread them. It's hard work for an old man. you know. Alright! Anybody else want to start besides me. Anybody got something.

AM / MB: But I'll start.

qx(): Oh, awesome, Austin, that's great to hear.

AM / MB: Yeah, for me.

qx(): Go for it, Buddy.

AM / MB: So. I I've I've been talking to I don't actually know the guy's name that runs Grand gambit. But I've been talking to grand gambit. And you, Conan.

qx(): Call them erg flip.

AM / MB: Erg flip. Okay? He's running into an issue where he sees getting to point where he's having problem supporting the website costs. It's not much. It's like 49 bucks a month or something. But he he reached out to projects. That are listed to see if we would like to do like a monthly fee for being listed, or something like that. Not not much like 5 to 10 herds or something. And I told him like, Yeah, I'd work on that for sure, for, like greasy sex to help out, or whatever. But I also told him that I'd bring it up in Sigs and see if they had any ideas, or if they wanted to like sponsor a month, or something like that, too, and and trying to work on some some ideas for him. Keep that going.

qx(): He just needs like 20 eggs a month, right? Or 25, depending on the price. That's not much.

AM / MB: Yeah, I know it's pretty mellow, and I think that you know there's a some projects should be able to help quite a bit or something, but I thought it would be cool to even do like you should have people like sponsor monthly or something, and then do banners and actually create events. That's what I would do if I were him. But I just wanted to bring it up to Sigs and see if they had any ideas in there, any.

qx(): I think that's that's beneficial to to projects, to, to sponsor, or to pay grand gamut som, because, I mean, there's a chance right that the house is losing, and token.

AM / MB: Things going to.

qx(): Wash more. But there's also a chance that people are buying more tokens to participate in the the game so that should be beneficial for 5 Hergs. That's pretty cheap for projects, I think.

AM / MB: I know 5 to 10 eggs, I mean, yeah, it's really not not much to cover. So I think we can get it covered, but we just wanted to bring it to the Sigs. Attention.

qx(): Did he say if he was getting good feedback, or or or push back? And from projects I mean, I could see like cyberverse might wanna do that, too, and and go.

AM / MB: This is awesome. No, yeah. Like I'm already gonna I'm gonna do. I'm probably gonna do something with him in May. An event planning to do some fun stuff in May. But no, I didn't really ask him about other projects. I know that he's he's I think he's working on listing Bober and stuff like that. So I think it. I think him even just bringing up these conversations with people, should they should be pretty positive about it, but just something to so think about. Maybe maybe 6 should sponsor a month and promote it.

qx(): How do you guys feel about that being? I mean, while I work on my list of essential services for, ergo, what do you guys thought as far as community wise, how that ranks in a an essential app if it went away for good. would that matter? Or do you think you guys think it's in, not integral or a necessity, but something that's fairly important for community or engagement in the in. Ergo, what are your guys thoughts on that.

Mark Glasgow: Main thing is difficult is that it's centralized. So it's hard to get a promo. and I think if anything centralized would be very good. and but even this was, I think it's still useful, but it seems underutilized in case you see the chat. If we get 10 plays a week or something. and sashay. do more things like that like, put a faucet in it, and let people play for 3 and stuff with tokens. cause I think if you advertise the way you get most people coming to, you know. and use that. And I think people can shy away from it because it is centralized in the output. And faith in that guy running up.

qx(): Or even just I think, he added, love at 1 point, but he haven't advertised it yet. So just a a free token essentially that you can get for cheaper tipped that you can then go play with. And yeah, in addition to a faucet or something, I think it's there. I can't remember what he said that I think I sent him to love to. This is like a year ago. But right before he, kinda you know, the the bear started hurting people. Yeah, that's a good point. I mean, right, the essential list that we're gonna make mark, really has to include really has to be made up of apps that follow the ergo ethos of open source and and transparency, and that kind of thing. It's probably pretty difficult to justify putting something like that on an essential air go list when it's, you know. fully off chain. At least that part is.

Mark Glasgow: Him.

qx(): Yeah. Good point. Good point. Alright. Yeah. So if if there's anything we can do, Austin, at least in helping promote or at least be open about talking it here with what he's doing to push, to try to get team sponsorship as well. Project sponsorship, you know. Keep keep up the conversation, and then perhaps we can to We can utilize it and have fun playing it and talk about it. That always helps too. Yep.

AM / MB: Relief!

qx(): Oh!

AM / MB: I'll talk to some more and and let you know.

qx(): Nice nice, can I? Mention how nice Canon looks with his new fresh haircut looks great. Kevin, you look great. You look 5 years younger, I swear.

Cannon: Yeah, I always tell people I gotta have the beard or I get carded. Man.

qx(): Alright awesome. How's how's how's glizzy going, Austin? How's your project going.

AM / MB: Yeah, it's going well. The well donations have already started that's coming in nicely. Next week will be the public donation round. And then hopefully, the week at following that there'll be initial launch and the events start, and everything. So so far so good. I mean. if if all goes well, and and I mean, if it does, it's a complete sell out on what's been allocated for pre donation stuff. I mean, that's we're looking at like I don't know. Let's see if I have the numbers here. I mean, it could possibly be in the Treasury for, ergo, initiatives over, I mean, this would be a hundred percent sellout which I don't think is going to happen. It'd be like 10,000 herds that end up in the treasury for a nugget.

qx(): Holy Shit.

AM / MB: I know. So that's that's big. That's that's that's stretch cool.

qx(): Oh no!

AM / MB: But I mean just even with the whale stuff right now. I mean, if that comes through with what's been committed, I mean, that's that's 4,000 erg, which is still huge, so definitely building a good Treasury treasury pot to help with the next next surrogough thing, and and hopefully creating a really really fun and great little ecosystem within greasy sex.

qx(): Can I ask a question and feel free to say No but just for just to know. Are there quite a few people in this early round that either are not part of ergo, or have never participated in your missions before. and our entry.

AM / MB: There's more. There's people that have never been particip that that haven't outspokenly been participating in the missions. for sure. But everybody is a part of has been a part of ergo, ecosystem or chat. Some of them have been around for a long time, but just are not very active. and some are very active and like our greasy sex community and stuff like that, too. So it's a pretty cool mix. And it's it's definitely engaged people that I didn't know or knew, participate, or even knew about greasy sex as well. So It's cool.

qx(): Awesome. That's good, that's good to hear. It'll be nice to see when we get people coming in from the outside, too, but I guess that's probably not somebody you want as a as a good whale. Right.

AM / MB: Right. That's the point of this was, I definitely am kinda the the.

Coffee: Line, in mode.

AM / MB: After the pre donations. The pre donations really is, I mean, I'm keeping it pretty tight to the community, but the actual launch of it will be external. I'm trying to focus on external marketing at that point. to get, you know, other other people involved outside of it. So right? Yep. But.

qx(): Okay. did we have any? I can't tell. I don't think we had any sigma knots moving on. I don't think we had any sigma knots coming in right into the vote is still still one up. I believe that would be April to Sigma, and yes, I know I still have to put up the rest. Thank you, Canon, for putting this one up. This is pretty.

Cannon: Well.

qx(): Explanatory. Yeah. Sorry. Go for it.

Cannon: Yeah, I put up one for for Icann as well. But it's I did them both like back to back, and the one for Akco got it was a draft, and then it got activated, and then I did the one for like hand, and it I was under one for Paul as well, and it one for Lycon is. I can see it. but it's not. I can say the link, but it's not anywhere on the side like something gummed up. So I've sent a message to really to look at you know what what's going on there.

qx(): Are you putting echo, poll and lichen? Okay.

Cannon: Yeah, I already did like him. But it it again. So the site, I mean, I love this tool. But it's real buggy around. Yeah, showing it. Basically like, Hey, your token is in the block, or it's not. That seems I'm guessing to be what a lot of the issues are. But it doesn't have a good way of seeing that So, anyway. And and when you put up proposals, man put put a picture in there, I hate their default pictures. So I always try to make it colorful. Do something fun. so yeah. So this.

qx(): 2 different sizes here that you can't split, though there's this size which shrinks the whole image, I think, or most of it, and then it's the banner size, and it tells you to make it to this size, I think, in the in the instructions.

Cannon: Brian.

qx(): Interesting.

Cannon: But it it'll it'll still be there like I mean, it doesn't matter like when it goes to banner, just shrink.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Cannon: Whatever.

qx(): Yep, yep. also, guys, don't send your staking token directly to the contract. Rustin broke Padilla for a good couple of days. While. Well, Louis, vatra made a workaround for how his script reads and registered to something like that. Yeah. So it was stuck, and he stuck my token afterwards. So Russ, and it's manually sent his token. Then I created a vote or past a vote, and it sucked my token in and never give it back. So yeah. yeah, Hq, that's dreaming. That we can do that kind of stuff coming up. And also, I think Hq. Proposed in chat that it'd be nice to like select a bunch of proposals and a checklist and hit vote yes or no on all of them. If you want to do that for those slackers like Hq. Who just come once a week and try to vote on everything. No offense. Hq. okay. alright. So where are we here? So that was at cannons. Put those in fantastic gonna check on those mining pool buffer past. I had pre buffered that with my own money. So I put in chat, and I put in Sigs mining chat that I was taking that my 1 50 back out of the pool. Don't worry. I didn't take the 1 50 that was sent in there by the Treasury. I took my exact 1 50 back for sure took that one back. So yeah. So I pulled that back the other day. You can see it on the blockchain if you'd like to. This past fantastic. So what's gonna happen here is we'll do a multi. It's not due until 5 1. But I've gotta exit this out of ergo, unfortunately, I've gotta exit it into fiat I asked them if they wanted crypto. They said, no, they can't take Crypto at this point. so what I'll do is I will put it we'll pull it from the treasury. We will find the best way to transfer it through. I've been told that we should have enough liquidity to shirt shouldn't make much of a dent at all, but I will definitely spread it out over a couple of days, so so it's even less noticeable, and then I'll put it into I don't know 8 or us dt, or something. I'll take it to Coinbase, and then I'll just cash it out to my bank from there. And then I will send you the receipt or the picture of the check and ask for a receipt from Cornell Blockchain Conference as well, probably in an email directly from their official email address, so that you can see it arrive in my inbox, and then I'll post that up here, maybe even make an nft chain nft and put on the chain. So you guys can see that Member trust don't verify. For all you know, I'm going on a Disney cruise in a week. Right? Alright, Gannon, you put up this vote for mining pool. You want to talk about that a little bit.

Cannon: Which one is it? Yeah? Oh, yeah. Advertising. Yes. So for those of you who are not minors, a lot of people when they're looking at new things to mind. Whatnot use mining pool money pool? What's it called stream or something? Money pool stats.

qx(): Managed to.

Cannon: I mean, yeah, and so on. There, you can have a banner. think it's like 15 bucks a month. And sometimes those banners really are helpful. So a couple of them let me see if I can share screen. Yes. share. Okay, you should be able to see the screen now. So yeah. that. Alright. So like 2 miners. Mine ergo get Btc. Hero miners get paid out sometimes faster they preceded their pool and they're running like a terror hash. So they get a lot of herbs sitting in their hot wallet Willie Pulley does the same thing, fast confirmations, etc. So we would have one here for Sigma's hq. Came up with a couple of ideas. But it's basically, I think the thrust of it is. can I be. you know, basic get paid fast. And then also. bonus tokens. So bonus ergo tokens I'd like to hijack this to me. This is a no brainer. 15 bucks a month. It's like a nothing burger for free advertising. I think it's good for the pool, good for the 6, good for ergo. So 2 things if you go to works. has their own unofficial pool, which is this one flux pools. They own it, or people from like the flux team, and that and they promote it. They talk shit about every other pool. In their discords. It's really unsavory and off putting so while I'm happy that we're promoting the 6 pool and regular mining chat and other things. We need to also promote Crops pool, and some of the others that are been there. Cryptex. I'm sorry that have been there for a long time. It's just unsavory and hero as a longstanding beef with the flux over it. So anyway, if we could avoid, you know, trashing other pools, that'd be great just in general. And then the third thing I'd say real quick is. we started a chat the other day. I said. What what would it take or look like to have the Btc. Pool where once we bridge to Bitcoin people could mine erg and get paid out in resin. Btc. That would go directly to what 2 miners is doing. I think Dex Pool gives you the option as well. and maybe, Nano, there's a couple of them that do it, though. I know. When I first started mining I got paid out Btc. Because it was easier avoided all the F. Fees and all the bullshit gas. Nonsense! I don't know what that would look like. I know that in theory people can do that with Guap swap. But I was thinking, setting Guap swap on top of. and a separate pool, maybe even, or certain addresses inside the pool. I'm not sure how that would work. But I'll stop sharing my screen, and that's sort of my. but I think.

qx(): There's, I think there's an inherent risk with graph swap. Right? Perhaps if we're running, it graphs up is, I guess, meant to be run by the individual itself. So if we can at least educate on how to do that, and maybe set up a prop, you know easy how to and package it up and host it on our site even, or link to it. Then perhaps we could encourage that as well. But yeah, Mo, mark right. Is that true about glossops? Locally set up and configured and run.

Mark Glasgow: Yet. Let's come down.

qx(): 1 point I at 1 point I had thought, hey, maybe we can package to this, and every you know run it on a server kind of thing for people to use. But yeah, I wonder if there's a risk without a business of that? Many exchanges and transfers, may I? Maybe it doesn't matter if you just do an anonymous server. but you'd have to. You'd have to reconfigure and build it that way. and like segment, each one out. So it's running in its own kind of little thing.

Cannon: So it.

qx(): I mean more like sub pools with with like what cheeses cheese used to do.

Cannon: Yeah. In a way, I know when those started this weren't on chain. So I don't know. I'm more thinking something like that. I mean 2 miners isn't on chain we get caught up in. Ergo, on on chain. People don't give a shit. They just want Btc. And so I'm just saying, I think we could do that for people. I'm not sure what that would look like, but once we cross the resin bridge, once we get those, once we have F, there's a way to pay out minors and unmindable coins unmindable is a website. There could be a website on top of ergo, that does that for people. I mean, I'm just saying there are opportunities and potentials here.

qx(): Okay, yeah. yeah, right?

Cannon: And I'm not saying, do anything shady. It's just.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just thinking through the process. Alright. So then we have a social mining boost and pool rewards that votes up as well. That's essentially 100 ergs for the next 3 months. Times 3 and it'll just buy some ta, buy some tokens off the decks and use them as rewards. For the 4 20 block reward that we're doing every 4 20 blocks classic and then we've got a lichen devote. And then I added, this up here that you did those while we're talking about the mining pool. Let's jump down to where is it? Let's jump down.

Cannon: Sharing my screen anymore.

qx(): I'm not thanks. You stole it from me. Thanks so much, Kevin. Let's jump down. Let's jump down to mining poll right here. So we did. We got 14 blocks for this week, plus 7 from last week. I think we had like 4 blocks in one day cannon Mark. That was pretty amazing, wasn't it?

Cannon: Yeah. And then we went 40 h.

qx(): Yeah. I'm at 28 h.

Cannon: Luck, works, nothing.

qx(): I know. Oh, but it was fun! There are 3 blocks while I was sleeping, and then one more that morning, crazy so reiterating the the votes on pie so last night, too, right, we used to just do darko darker doge but I've added Rs hockey, thanks to Jemai, who donated about 10 bucks. Which of Rsky which should last us quite a while? Greasy sex as well. That's my own donation there. and air Doge will make live on the 20 fifth, and I think the difference about air. Doge is if I'm reading it correctly, these just pick a Random minor in the pool air Doge. I think I will push to everybody, so I'll split the number up, and for that whole day I'll just start dropping air doge to every single minor in the pool. I think that's the spirit of what this this is. It's essentially mine to the Sig Pool and get air, Doge. So I don't wanna make it random, so that'll be that other. The scripts are built. So it was really easy. It took me like 3 min to deploy greasy sex Rsi and air doors is already ready. It's just sitting there, commented out in the crown file. So yeah, I also have some Gort, too. I have a lot of Gort that you know. I I don't sell, or I I've given away 90% of my Gort so I think that might be a cool thing to add to, I think last time I checked in my let me see. Last time I checked in my Gort wallet. I have maybe 8, 900 to extract. Yeah, 894 Gort to extract. So I'm willing to to do that, too. That's you know. Christy was nice enough at this point to include some actors into the the Dexi gold oracle so I don't feel great about profiting from that at this point. My personal reasons. So I'm happy to spread that back out of the community. The oracle is just running on my ergo port Server, which uses 0 resources. So yeah, so I think I'll put that in as well. That'll be a cool token for people to get. I think that's 30 or 40 cents a token as well. So maybe one of those popping out a day that'll last us for 800 days, or double it to a day with the 4 20 blocks, and we'll get that. So that's on the horizon to maybe I'll do that later. After I extract, I just have to log in and extract my damn tokens. Alright treasury right here. Cool. Nothing's changed that I don't think our Pi Treasury has changed, though, because we got let's see financials. Because the Sigs Pool got some of the erg. Yep, so you can see right there that that mining incentive buffer, I pulled right from the Pi treasury, so as soon as that vote ended a day later, it sent that 150 erg to the treasury. So we're 3 50 here, maybe at some point, we want to put another vote to top up guys. If we're feeling trusty of this stuff. Maybe. Put another, maybe put a thousand erg in this time. But don't be afraid to come up with ideas and and spend this. That's what it's there for. That was the point of Wambo suggesting to put that stuff in there. So yeah. where are we? Okay, that was previous. I think, Gray man, I think you were holding back on this, for now, kind of thing you you reached out and did your thing and got feedback. And then and you didn't see a way forward. Is that is that what I understand from that? Yeah, well, that's interesting. I mean, you make a good point. Okay. I'm just kidding. I think he's muted or not talking or his. Mike's broken. I will come back to you, great man.

Mark Glasgow: Sending the send the text, chat.

qx(): Oh, he's in the text chat. Okay, let's see. select perfect. Okay. So, Major, before I said, Can we pay out of the pool, and whatever we can swap, but it's still a deck swap. Would we swap into Treasury advice through I we can set that up off chain. Essentially. What's it called like? There, there might be a way where we could have you append something to your minor name. So so let's say you, let's say we make an address for the mining pool as the swap address alright, and all your rewards go into that swap address. Now, if we track that, and we track what minors doing and how much they sent. We can then actually just run a script that reads the inputs and outputs it in a different token of their preference, and sends it to the addresses designated. That's off chain stuff. But that kind of stuff is, you know, just programmatically takes a couple of seconds to think about and then build. But I mean, we, what's that.

Cannon: That's what they do on on 2 miners is you just put in your Btc address instead of your org address.

qx(): Name. Oh, okay. Interesting. Yep.

Cannon: And then then it reads it. Not a 9 or basically, you know, it's something else. So it's Dtc Yup, Yup.

qx(): So yeah, something like that could be done, too. And then the bot could just run and read the inputs and push the outputs automatically. Or do the swap. Yeah, yeah. that that could work little programming there, though.

Cannon: I'm not saying it. It has to happen. I'm just saying it's an alternative that I view this as something because of Rosen. and we have a pool, right? That we control and have program like you're saying, it's off chain. But people could trust us whether they do or not. But where again you could mine those you could mine all kinds of either unmindable or Asic. That's true, that's true. Through us.

qx(): Yep.

Cannon: And so to me, that's a huge cause. I'm unmindable for those of you who don't know is a website that that's all they did you? You mine? You send them on a weekos, too. and they pay you out in Raven, or they pay you out in hats, or they pay you out whatever it costs 12 to do that. That's the fee for them to handle that for you. But they have a list, and all they're doing is going and bind it on a centralized exchange and dumping it difference we'd be sending you rose and wrapped token right? So I mean, that could be the rub for people is, it's not true. Quote unquote. Btc. so yeah, the rig name thing would be a little different, because you'd still need their org address. Instead of the Btc. Address.

qx(): Yeah. And Major's got a good point, too, it might be, you know, holding a wrapped asset might be more incentive to hold at least for longer, because you're waiting to beat the bridge fee with volume. Essentially. So that could be. That's that's a great. I mean, you could. Yeah, we could advertise mine. Mine mine! Ergo, get Ada Rosen, Ada, that'd be pretty neat. So you're mining a proof of work, a proof of steak chain. super super cool.

Cannon: Yeah. So I mean, I think it's something to explore and be happy to discuss offline whatever I mean. I think it's actual, like a business like I I mean, I think it's a big opportunity. But to me it keeps it on chain. So we're swapping erg inside of spectrum or crips 5, and it's staying on chain, right? So it's staying here. We're still trapping the value. And still I hate saying that sounds awful. But the value of it still staying on erg right instead of going to another chain and getting dumped. So 2 miners currently has. I was trying to pull up this spreadsheet. I scraped their addresses. Give me 1 s. Yeah. So about when a this was on through 23, and I'll give everyone the file if they really wanted. 15. I did the top 1,000 wallets on their site because it was easy to pull them and everyone go to the second third page to do it. 15% of the wallets were Btc. and that was 600 gigash on that day. So over a week. it's approximately based on the blocks they're finding. And if you put it up to 20, just for, like easy math. it's 8,000 or that are getting dumped on a centralized exchange every week. and they don't give a shit. They're just dropping it like they're. It doesn't look like they're doing any kind of market timing or smart market making with it. They're just dumping it. And so to me, if you captured some portion of that right like it's just massive for us like I mean it. Rosen allows us to be unmindable, but actually on blockchain. and then let those could take it a step further. In a year and a half or 2 years. Whenever that gets, you know, fully fleshed out. But And people again like you said could do it with laptop. Now. if they know what they're doing to me. It's just a complicated step. Minors want to turn the shit on and not think about it twice. They're not here to figure out the tech. So I mean, there's that. And then the the third step and all that would be Kras has mentioned he could build a smart contract. That's basically a a Rosen bridge bus, right? So those miners could then jump on the bus together instead of paying a huge fee one time it come across the other way. So you know, collectively, you could exit once a week. But again all that still stays on forgot that it's not getting dumped. It's not. I mean to me it's a win win for the chain.

qx(): The Rosen bus. It's got a good ring to it.

Cannon: So I mean you could make it look like the bus off Harry Potter. You can do all kinds of fun shit so alright.

qx(): Awesome. nothing this week for marketing firms. I'm still working on the standardizing support channels. I've got a document just I put it in chat the other day. Now I've got to kinda put in the more finer details and make some graphics for it and make it more presentable. So that's gonna take quite quite a bit long. I'd say it's at this stage with the text, let's just say it's probably about a quarter done with what I want it to be. Let's see. Still got to either either Kennan or I will do this writing the proposal to liquidate. 1% price impact tokens. Just have to figure out how to word it properly so that we're not pigeon holding ourselves into some specific thing. Wow, that.

Cannon: Is there? Is there anybody on here that wants to help place.

qx(): With with.

Cannon: I'm gonna be busy this week. Wouldn't.

qx(): High proposals are fun, but they do take a bit of time when you're doing several of them, especially when you have to make sure to not pigeon all yourself into some verbiage when you write it. I mean this, we this needs to be written so that we're free to kind of make like human judgements on what we're liquidating and how it goes, and that kind of thing. So otherwise, you yeah, you get stuck. and you got a re-vote if anybody wants to please speak up at some point, and feel free to take it over Same thing. I think there's a couple more with hands up in the disk in the Reston's list. Perhaps we'll check those out and go through that and Cornel blockchain super excited about that. I asked the Vice President and the President to do the dev update with me, and they're free today at 3 o'clock, so I'll be recording at least with the Vice President. She's gonna try to get her her President lead who's also what's it called at Cornell, of course, who's and they can hopefully both be. That'll be a 2 and one dev update. So super cool. Essentially, I'm gonna use it. I'm I'm platforming it for them as a promotion of the ergo block of the Cornell blockchain. So ask about the blockchain. We'll ask about like the panels. Talk about the panels, talk about their history and blockchain! Talk about what the blockchain landscape looks like at a university like Cornell from a student's point of view and and then I'll probably send them on the way and do an asmr version of the dev update again for Louise's sake. So it's a lot of fun. I have to still work on the paper wallets and rewards. I'm gonna use nfts from the from the Ssigs nft wallet. I'll also use some tokens that are kicking around in there, and I'll spread all those out to the paper wallets and print them off and have a big stack they're gonna look really nice. I'll do them on some really nice you know, we have really fancy fancy plotters that work, so I print them off on one big 42 by 60 in sheet, and then I slice them with razors. Try not to cut myself, and they look really nice on super super thick like intrada paper. Essentially, it's like textured, yellowish intrada paper. So we'll do that hand those out. That'll be fun. Anything left over. Then we can actually take to Las Vegas, if you want to and just remake some more so that'll be nice so far. Right now I am on the they found enough for the nft panel, so I am strictly on the dial panel, which is fine. They sent the questions the other day. So I'm gonna post those questions to chat. They're fairly. They're decent questions. She's not gonna target anybody. She's just gonna ask them open. And then anybody in the panel is free to respond with their input A brief look through of the questions. I didn't see anything that I didn't specifically know about. There are a couple of things I just want to look into more before I feel more educated to to speak on it. But most of the questions are, you know, stuff that we experience here day to day when using dial-based things. What else? Dry cleaning the hotdogs? How funny would that be? That'd be awful showing up on a hot dog soup anywho, and then what else do we have so that's next Friday, by the way, so I'll leave Thursday. Get down there Thursday night. Take my bride out to a nice dinner somewhere and then start the conference in the morning. I have 6 tickets, so if anybody's in the New York City area and can hop over to Roosevelt Island feel free to ping me for a ticket. Let's see. is this so what was this about Kenan?

Cannon: Which one.

qx(): Armenia, suggesting a Rosen bridge and mandatory.

Cannon: I don't know. That was from last week. I didn't move it because I didn't. I didn't. Was.

qx(): I'll put a question there. because I think the current hackathon is coming out. Let's let's talk about that in a secure cure. So we see up. Blitz is launching a pack sales in one week Blitz is going to be on the dev update next week, so we'll try to. I don't. I wonder if we should release it early? It might be neat to release it early. Because I think it's pack is released Thursday, is it, or is it Friday? Does anybody know when this pack is being released?

Cannon: he's I don't remember if he's actually given a hard date.

Coffee: 27.

Cannon: So 26.

qx(): That's that's Friday. So perhaps maybe we should think about maybe releasing the debate up at the same time to help promote that. Or maybe it's fine if we do it 2 days later, to keep the momentum of that.

Cannon: Yeah, do it afterwards as a bomb. Yeah.

qx(): Okay. Great. Great. Great. Dj.

Cannon: You're gonna be getting busy on Thursday trying to get the hell out of town, but head down to New York. So that is true.

qx(): Yep. So djp, pad, that is who is that? Is that U. Hq.

Cannon: Yes. right?

qx(): Yeah, awesome. So staking clown and comment. And I believe you get auto comment right? For from a donation from from quite. And you have. What do you get for staking clown? Hq.

Cannon: 14%.

qx(): More clown.

Cannon: Yeah, holy.

qx(): Shipped clown for clown. comment for how to commit cool, awesome airdoes. Revival 4, 20 launched. That was yesterday. Details there. If you guys have seen Twitter. You've seen the nice design isn't even posted in chat. The one I'm looking for is the 20 fifth. We'll we'll activate that on the mining pool for those rewards. But super cool. super cool. let's see up here to talk about this. Yes, yes, in progress. Yep, that's in progress to the vital document. And we already talked about that while we wait. I still haven't gotten an answer back from Coca yet who's talking to his devs about that? But that kind of goes hand in hand with the essentials list, and what's essential and what we're supporting. In the meantime I poked an idea over to Sys. and that was the first idea was, why don't we do a weekly promotion on the ergo platform site about the nfts that are up for auction. to bring exposure. And then I think the concern was, perhaps we don't. We can't have steady content for that. So then the other idea was, why don't we just feature one artist per week until we run out of artists? Just to get exposure to the ergo nft space and get the artists exposure. So if I can convince Sisyphus, push to be a delegate on the Twitter account and write a couple of threads just once a week of one artist like you can start with Maruzart, or or ergo, champions, or or that kind of stuff. and just do a thread where there's maybe 10 threads, and each thread is each additional. The first threads, like a descriptor of who they are. Second, thi. The second cut thing is that more images and an image for maybe 10 images or something. Just so we can, you know, promote that that space at least on ergo. so if this is listening you can run. But you can't hide, sir, so I'm hoping to get your support, Sis, and in writing that since you're such a professional and you know so much about the ergo nft space but I think that'll be nice to, you know. That's something that is he's laughing that perhaps hasn't been too published lately, ever, you know, since I was since I've been pushing stuff to the account. Perhaps it wasn't the past, but maybe we need to get back on that, and I think that's a easy way to get back on that and let nft artists be seen. Let's see coffee. Did you have a chance to sniff around eternals? Devs to see what's involved in integration.

Coffee: Yeah, I did. It looks like and let me double check. But they reached back out to me, and the head dev was like, man we've we've got our hands full already, and so I.

qx(): Plus. He's.

Coffee: So he's he's very iffy on it. And it actually wasn't eternal that I reached out to it was but I'm probably gonna reach out to eternal now. But I it was vesper. It was the vesper team I reached out to. and they said they got their hands full. Probably won't be able to manage it. And I would. So I propose the question, okay, well, if we handled basically everything as far as back end and front end. Would you just be willing to integrate it? but I still haven't heard back anything yet, so I'm gonna probably reach out to eternal next because it's looking like vespers, not gonna not gonna fly.

qx(): Okay, cool beans cool. And I brought this up while you're talking. Sorry? This shows that they actually merged my changes for the Sigs mining pool on high Voss so soon we should see in the list the proper pools, so that people who are running a big fleet of miners can just do one click and point everything to our pool. So that's that's super exciting. Very cool. I think we covered anything except for, Mark. You want to talk about the hackathon a little bit.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah. But we've not form owners. Yeah. And I've been Jason Shawn and managing that and copy management in the works. A few blog articles I'm on, ergo, as a smart layer. and that'd be the theme theme of the hack as well. And so we're still working with the motion guys, I think they're gonna try and propose a few topics or special bodies. And but yeah, be good to get pretty involved and do have non offer. So we think of any ideas to help promote. and I'll run the Arathathone and let us know.

qx(): You talk step. Can you talk a little bit about for people in more simple terms of what it means for there, go to be a smart layer for things that don't have that capability like Bitcoin. Perhaps.

Mark Glasgow: Yes, so it's just to open we use back on this as example, because we've got what wasn't coming up. And so initial stages will have wrap that coin which vendors can use to judge the ecosystem and use various applications. I think we need to go from the angle of that. and of course, by similar ethos to Bitcoin. And the programming model is kind of the logical extension of what you do. If you wanted to make it quite smart and advanced adjustments. and hopefully, 2 pro calls and different things you can do and could be like a shared several there for multiple Procs applications. And so at the moment, it's probably not much for them to do. So. It's more kind of selling them on the potentials signal protocols, and how they can be used composibly more powerfully than our places. and enable things that would be possible elsewhere. As we have to drive the whole. So I think that's quite big narrative now, and coming up. and something to jump in there and make it ergo's case for it, I think it's got one of the one of the best cases in terms of without being like Icp and stuff on user experience immediately. But I think there'd be a lot of background as we'd rather jump to. Ergo.

qx(): We trying to? Are we trying to aim this hackathon to try to get Actual people that are developing on Bitcoin to come develop here during the hackathon. Or is this more? Also serve as just a kind of an advertisement as well to show them what we can do.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, must be more of an app advertisement, because we get could get people to come in. And I think that's a bit further than like. and we should kind of suspect position ourselves, and how our goal could function this way and as a smuggler. And then we've got a in future with signature and stuff as well, so you can probably wonder how it can be double merge, mind, and people can per station. Bitcoin. I'm going to add, native. I might need to add small contract for functionality a lot more deeply that I'll change people to do with our assumptions.

qx(): Super exciting.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, there's there's the the jump into the event channel. If you're not there and we can access it from this score. There should be a telegram like a bit idea, maybe one. There's a working paper and the news we should be out. It's not open for that push. Sean, and alongside with our dog post. Get explained. How I'll go can be a smart level back on.

qx(): So what's what do you think the best way for. you know people to at least start talking about it on Twitter. What approach, do you? Would would you say it's a theme that we should be spouting.

Mark Glasgow: Well, the main ones are signal protocols, the programming model ethos, fair distribution, paperwork. and how segment change is going to try and revitalize, preferred. And in future. yeah, I think that's the main kind of selling points compared to other ones. We're kind of more closely like a Bitcoin. especially when we're running stuff. I don't think there's really much comparison when you look at smart contract platforms there.

qx(): Okay? Alright cool. Anything else? How's I haven't heard about Bez in a while. Is he still kicking along the website is getting near.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, I I see I was looking draft during the week with him. I'm not. I think it was probably saying some pages and send me through stuff. But yeah, it looks pretty good. Last time I seen it. and working to integrate this narrative in there as well. everyone going forward, how we can augment a little other change, not just Bitcoin in the future. something before maybe those and we get them coming. They can use and define. and without those. so you'd be a good long term positioning as well as short term.

qx(): How many, how many dumb layers are there out there that we could extend? I say dumb layer, but you know, non, non smart layers layer ones out there besides Bitcoin and Doge.

Mark Glasgow: Probably a couple of dozen useful ones. Him.

Cannon: Quite a few. Yeah.

qx(): I mean Bitcoin, being the largest, I assume.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah. And then you've got all the Bitcoin forks.

Cannon: Yeah. Just go to just go to Mindful Stats. It's bitcoin dose coin, bitcoin cash, light coin, the theorem classic. Monaro! I don't know what our weave is. Bitcoin sv e cash nervous. No bitcoin gold sciaccin, do they have contracts? I'm not sure. Raven coin. I mean, there's a bunch down there, Chia. Then you really want to start targeting, you know. I mean, there's quite a bit of daily emissions on some of those chains.

Mark Glasgow: Initially, quite easy that I'll just get the Bitcoin up on the front piece there. and so we're looking at them all pretty very quickly.

qx(): The Sigs Mining Pool. Just threw out a block in celebration of our meeting. Awesome. Okay. Awesome. In the side notes. I missed Mark. There was a note that said, You're looking for writing a script for pulling addresses for the Doj event. Is that related to the mining? Did I do that by accident instead of you?

Marc The Shark: No, this was just to get like a list of holders for that specific and anybody's thing was like open to anybody, and I was just gonna say, Hey, I haven't really done that before. So take it on as like a learning experience, so to speak. But if you have that already, you want to send me the code or something, I'd I'd love to look at it.

qx(): You just want to find all air dose holders.

Marc The Shark: Yeah.

qx(): Oh, that's that's here! Watch! That's

Cannon: Rick Berg, explore.

Marc The Shark: Probably. Pretty easy. Right? Yeah, just.

qx(): And well, you can use that, but you can use ergo, ergo dot watch. So you go you get. This is Aerodos. Right. Let's see Air Doge. So I get the token idea of air Doge. I paste it in up here. and that's it. There it is. There's a Json, I'll I'll I'll put it in I'll put it in chat here for you, mark.

Marc The Shark: Okay. Thank you.

qx(): So that that is, ergo, that's ergo watch with our dosh. And that's pretty up to date. Yeah, that's up to date. That's that's real time, I think, with the node. Perhaps.

Marc The Shark: It was for for Tim and so he might have already have have this. I was just nearly saying I'd pick it up but but cool. Thank you. Appreciate that.

qx(): Yeah. Yeah. Erica washes is a super like that's where Eric explore is great. I think it limits it to the top 10, though. Canon right? Perhaps. With holders.

Cannon: Yeah, I don't remember.

qx(): Yeah. I think I talked to Aso. Eco, about that. yeah. Okay, awesome. And then there was one more thing which was. don't forget to fill out the 6 skill sheet. If you haven't done that. support your current sigs as well as other community members by retweeting like Tim's thing retweet the you know the dig in padstaking all that kind of stuff from your from your accounts. Help out and don't forget we glue on hit test net, I believe, or main net. I think it was I I got this stuff I promised to do for him that I need to do. I need to rework his video and then help with something else. So if anybody has time and can jump in the what's it called the order for the stability nexus? Is it? Stability? Nexus is where you can get all that info for that kind of stuff. I mean, Bruno's an amazing super smart guy and and super polished things aren't necessarily as forte when it comes to outputting stuff, so any help that you can give him or anybody can give him is great, and I believe he rewards in gluon or stability. Some. There's some currency that he rewards in it's gluon. Okay? Great. So yeah. So you you're not working for free, essentially. It's part of his. It's part of the doctrine that he's written for stability nexus, that people are rewarded for the work that they input and he gives him there. So if anybody has time and wants to do it. That could just mean helping write or polish up an article that he's already taken a stab at. or or something like that. Then, please, by all means feel free to work for that great 1157. Good timing, everybody have anything else they want to add. I don't see Eva here today, but I'm sure she deserves a break. And has been translating along with everything. anybody else. Let's see no great.

Marc The Shark: Quick on the the postgres stuff with the database. So I said it in the chat. But Hq, I'll DM you once I get that going. Didn't have a moment yesterday, so.

qx(): I've got the. I've got the instructions. I was gonna try it. If you want me to mirror it, or you mean you're gonna work on the mirroring or you're gonna work on setting custom calls into postgres. So you can get get data. How you want it.

Marc The Shark: Yeah, I believe the the latter.

qx(): Okay, cool, cool, alright. So I'll let you know when it's mirrored. And it's supposed to be fairly real time of a mirror. And at that point I will start cutting off access to the old the live mine course mining course server and and only have people route through the other one. You can also set it as a backup, too, which is nice. The way that I'm doing this mirroring is essentially, if it goes down on the local server. It automatically routes to the backup service that's been mirrored. And so there's this failover kind of there, too, which is neat.

Marc The Shark: Excellent.

qx(): Okay. cool, awesome. Alright, everybody. I hope you have a great day. Catch the blockchain. Dev update for the coin on blockchain later today. after I do it out. If I don't die from spreading more mulch and everybody have a great one, child.

Coffee: Yeah, don't don't die from spreading mark mulch. Also quick update internal team already reached back out. They said, they currently don't have any plans for ergo integration. But I'm gonna keep poking the spare and see if they'd be willing to have us come in and try and make that happen.

qx(): Well, beans at some point they'll be coming to us, but it's only a matter of time. Guys.

Coffee: Future.

Cannon: S. Matt alright. See you, Joe.

Mark Glasgow: Guys.

Marc The Shark: See everyone.
