+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: May 5, 2024'
date = '2024-05-05T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

qx(): Card to the cloud. Alright, I'll start this meeting by saying how wonderful it is that Rustin is transcribing these, and he's such a wonderful person seems to be your tradition to start the meetings. alright! Let me share my screen. and I'm sorry I'm upstairs in quarantine, because I tested positive for some the the vid, the vid I've got the vid, the covid.

Cannon: Sorry dude. I got that couple like whatever that was 2 or 3 weeks ago. Yeah, sucks.

qx(): It's mild this time. My second time. It's just I thought it was honestly a cold at first. But yeah. alright, let's see, we've got Oh, who brought in? Who brought in Martisa? Was that you, Cannon?

Cannon: I don't know, but she popped in the other day, and that was awesome.

qx(): She might just have always had access. Mark is that has she always been a Sig-Can?

Mark Glasgow: And I added another date because she asked the link that asked the term before, and she wasn't too keen to she was. and to Burton shy.

qx(): Oh, that's awesome!

Mark Glasgow: So I'll stop. I'll stop the the second 1Â Si get the link, so I'll just add, they're in.

qx(): Very cool, very cool, alright, and then Paul and lycan were voted in, and I don't think any of them are here right now classic classic sigs, Sigmanauts, promotions, not even showing up to the meetings. What can you do? We had a the gentle Sig token selling of assets. Convert, Sig. Usc. Has passed, and let's just go to that. So everybody can be refreshed on what the hell that is. Essentially we're looking to liquidate the tokens once a month that no more than 1% price impacts on the decks. Per total. Tx. so you can split it up to if if you want to split it up into like point 3 3% price and impact over a couple of days. So it's not so noticeable to the to the liquidity pool. Then that's fine as well. The point of this vote was just to give as much flexibility as we can. So we're not. Jack hammered into a certain method that may be destructive and then the the second part is to take the ergs gain, swapping them a cig Usd. And utilizing them and lending pools luck, duck pool signify that kind of thing, and this will require trusted personal wallet to be able to do that at this stage until duck pools, perhaps at some point in the future allows Multi Sig lending transactions. Is anybody interested in handling this process. So we you would you would get a multi sig. what's it called? We do. We'd send these to your address. You'd convert them over a certain amount of days, you know, posting the transactions proof in a document that all of us could see, and then you'd loan them to duck pools, and then you could send us the the What do they call this tokens? You.

Cannon: Len tokens. Thank you. Yeah. The lens tokens.

qx(): Send them. Send them back to the multi-sig when you done so, you don't have to worry about them anymore. And then when we wanna you know. Reap the benefits of duck pools. We'll do it in reverse. Send you the tokens and then send us the rest. Anybody interested in doing that.

Mark Glasgow: Maybe we could put it as a discussion on Pedia to ping everybody. Thank you. So I might be a chance to step up.

qx(): Oh, okay.

Mark Glasgow: Appreciates it to the cope. If you don't really have a way to assign tasks. That's very well at the moment. I don't think.

qx(): You're a little soft, mark. You're a little, are you? Gonna get a little closer to the mic.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah. 2, 6. Sorry. I was just saying that. yeah, we don't have a good way to advertise these kind of tasks at the moment, but would be good to post them as discussions compared to tag everybody tag on the 6. Take some of the step open.

qx(): Okay. Good idea. Let me write that down.

Cannon: Does. Does the bot you created? Andre? Does it? Grab the discussions that are in Padua? I know that once a day grabs the.

qx(): Paul pulse. I made the butt pulse.

Cannon: Okay. Gotcha.

qx(): Paul, so is in here, though you can ask him.

Cannon: Yeah, that would be neat if we do use it that way right for discussions. If the discussions get popped up like once a day or twice a day. Kind of thing like it. The bot would scrape for those and put that forward into the save chat. So people see that that's happening done. cause I think that'd be a neat tool, I mean, for sure to be able to have a you know sort of public forum that doesn't get lost in a wall of text.

qx(): Is Paul sorry writing in chat. Maybe he's.

Cannon: Yeah, he! He just said, it's not on chain. So not possible.

qx(): Oh, shoot! Okay. I wonder if we can scrape it? Let me see if I can scrape it. If I can scrape it. Then I can do it for changes, and then, you know, with duct, tape and popsicle sticks. Do it with my bot, too, so I'll I'll check it out.

Cannon: Use like Zapier, or something just grab like like you're saying. I mean something like that.

qx(): Yeah, it depends how the page is made. Yup, yup, yup, yup. let me write that down. Okay, cool, alright. So that's it for votes. Nothing else, is there? Did we miss anything recently advertising? Oh, canon, I'm going to. This is your vote up here for the mining pool. I am going to as soon as they get the banner to me in main chat. Well, that's a trick. So 2 people have come up with a banner I mean.

Cannon: One's ready, one's not.

qx(): That's ready. Just take the one that's ready, I guess. Okay, I'll take the one that's ready. And then maybe after a couple of months. We can pop the other one there and rotate through them if the guy will let us, so I'll pay the 15 secure seat to the guy. Maybe I'll pay a couple of months in advance, and maybe do 3 months in advance, and then when I send the next payment I'll send the updated logo as well the updated banner as well for that. how are we doing here? By the way, are we doing? We're at number 9. Nice. We keep flipping between 8 and 9 here over the last day since that guy joined. But yeah, cool. So we'll have a nice little banner there, scrolling similar to Cryptex, I guess, for the current one. Nice. Okay? Great. Let's see, what else do we have? You wanna talk about? I guess that nothing's changed in the Treasury. Well, yeah. I've tried to take out about 5,000 s us dollars equivalent of the treasury with a multi sink that is currently stuck on the fourth signer over the last couple of days. So I'm I'm trying to get that push through as soon as that's done, then we can pay for the Cornell Blockchain Conference. Any leftover from transactions. I'll put back in the Treasury and send you guys the tracking of everything, as well as proof of the check sent, and receipt, of course, so hopefully that should be done soon, I hope. I think the lot. One of the last person signing it was on the release candidate of Minotaur and needed to upgrade to the final version. So I'll get on their horse soon today after this, for that alright mining pool block rewards. We have a shit ton of rewards now in the mining pool about 9.2 herbs worth a day. which is randomly put to. Let's see how many people oops. Where are we here?

Cannon: About 37 or 40.

qx(): 37 to 40. Okay. Great.

Cannon: So basically, you have a pretty good chance. If you're running to the pool, you got a decent chance of 9 getting a random reward as well. Sounds like.

qx(): Yeah, we're a little down in hash. I wonder if that person who added, it is on power things where they pulled out. So yeah, not too shabby there. The entire pool has paid out. I don't think I have those stats here. I don't have the stats on my dashboard here, but our entire pool. And up. What's up.

AffableVillain: S-.

qx(): Right? Right? Right? Let's see, this is.

Cannon: 74 blocks would fade out.

qx(): 200 to. We've the 6. Mine includes. Made 2,000 over 2,000 ergs so far paid out to people really cool. awesome so that's really exciting. Doing. Well, there there was talk, Ken, and you wanna bring forward your idea about evening these out, perhaps maybe doing less.

Cannon: Yeah. yeah. yeah, I mean, it was basically the trying to keep them all under one herd per sort of award or per bonus, just so that we can stretch it longer. And then, obviously, we gotta. You know. that would have to switch, you know, from time to time, maybe. But it was basically the boa was worth quite a bit right now. So back it off effectively the 6 we voted to. I think it was spend like a hundred erg, and Bober was one of them that we bought and heard one, and then maybe greasy and so I think your intent when you set it up was just to make it easy like, Hey, divide this out over the course of a month, twice a day. And my thought was, why don't we stretch it so that when we make these purchases they stretch out 2 or 3 months, so that hopefully, when. if bull market comes at some point, you know, they sort of rise up with erg, and we can, you know, make this sort of token pool last longer. So we don't have to constantly feed it.

qx(): Can do. I mean, it's a little more complicated. But I can program my bot to actually check the price and make it a divisible of under 50 cents or point 5 herbs kind of thing. If it's above it, it'll check and see if the price what we're distributing is above that, and if it is, it'll just re, you know. Put a different amount there, that's less. Let's just put some logic in the the Script building. That's not a huge issue.

Cannon: If that's something you wanna do go forward. I'm not I. I was just thinking like, make it 1.7 instead of 3.4.

qx(): I feel them. I feel that we're chasing it, though, right? So.

Cannon: Yeah, that's true. Yeah.

qx(): Just chasing it. Okay, alright, let me let me work on that logic.

AffableVillain: So for me, whatever.

qx(): Let me work on that logic for that work on what's it called dynamic payment bonus logic. Okay? No problem. There was one other thing I was gonna talk about with bonus tokens, but I can't remember some. Oh, somebody wanted to reward them to everybody for each block. Somebody mentioned that in chat. What are the merits of that guys? Any good, bad? I bad thoughts about that good bit thoughts.

Cannon: If you do it to the block finder, it's gonna initially, it's gonna go mainly to whoever has the most hash. I mean, I think it's more of a to me. It's an attraction for grabbing the smaller miners. I mean.

AffableVillain: Class.

Cannon: And aggregating people like that.

qx(): Yeah, I think he, I think he meant giving it to everybody. So he said, take the 9.2 herbs divided among 37 people. Every time a block is found kind of thing, or divide how much, ever, you know. Kind of thing. I think he was looking for more of an even distribution. But in that case I think it'd be. It'd be difficult, because, you know, if we get 200 users, you know, or 300 users. You're gonna be getting barely anything at all, you know. And as Major just said, Yeah, Random makes it fun. You're watching the chat you're joining the chat. You're getting DM, soon about it. That kind of thing. Okay, and I'll and I'll program the bot to send Dms as well, so that you know when you receive an award. If you've signed up for the the bot registered about the back end. the other thing, guys, is, we could do something even more fun, too. With the with the rewards. And that could be that I could make the rewards a baseline of, let's say, 5 hergs. 5 hergs, you know. So 2.5 herbs twice a day of tokens, and then, as the difficulty, where is it? Let me bring it back up again as the difficulty ratio right here. You see, we're at 1 point where 1 83 for the current block effort cause we found 5 yesterday or 4 or 5 yesterday. We could multiply the reward by the block effort. So as we're not finding blocks, the bonus rewards will start creeping up incrementally, so that we get more rewards during times where we're not finding blocks. and then, once the once the block effort goes back down will be reset back to 2.5 herbs and kind of like that. What are your guys thoughts about that? Cool. Alright. I'll work on that, too. So set. cause I can do that at the same time that I'm doing the pandemic payout bonus logic kind of thing. So essentially, it'll do the dynamic payment bonus logic first where it adjusts for price, and then it will apply the multiplier based on that based on block efforts. So they can be done at the same time. Cool, cool, cool. Okay. So what's it called? Mark, do you have time today or tomorrow to work on the database mirroring since I'm sick here with Covid, and probably not working too much. Tomorrow I I should have time, or even today. Alright. No problem. Let me know when you're free. And we can meet up for that cool, cool, cool cause it'd be nice to get that. So cause I feel like I'm holding you up big time. Some queries, and that kind of thing. Nice. Okay, cool. Alright, Ken, and you wanna take it from here with number 2 and 3.

Cannon: Sure. yeah, while you're on Covid. Finish up your support channel notes for people.

qx(): Yeah. Great idea. Yep.

Cannon: I get to delegate that? yeah. So I'd reached out to our market maker and said, Hey, you know, you guys work with a lot of chains, projects, tokens, etc, who are good marketing firms that you all have seen. You know. It's a common refrain that I see on discord, telegram, twitter, etc, the ergo marketing, you know, etc. Let's ramp that up. So with that route asked they provided us a list of 5 or 6 folks that they said they've worked with or think are like legitimate, not just like some scammy marketing dog shit. So I've been reaching out to people. I'm not gonna be super engaged on it. other than trying to gently push it forward. But Austin cooped Nick from Blitz. And then Paul, who recently became a Sig, can the life of Fifa? He does some think he's doing a pretty cool series right now on the watchers rose and watchers or something, and it does a lot of like video production or whatnot professionally in in real life. All those folks said, Hey, I'd love to. or I can participate on, you know, sort of vetting, marketing and trying to come up with some kind of like marketing direction. So I look at it as more of that sort of under the purview or charge of the 6 from. you know. Let's make this bigger, better, etc. so yeah, that's effectively. That is the update right now from that. If there's anybody that would like to be on that group, please raise your hand or message me or message in the general and make sure I see it because it's gonna be fluent. And we're gonna need a lot of people to probably look at it and then hopefully start narrowing down some scope and ideas. and if anybody has any ideas, please throw them out, so that, you know we can sort of aggregate this and come up with not a plan. And then number 3 any questions, comments, etc. not saying anything. yeah. So then on the let me jump rope quick to well, yeah, let me jump to next see So yay, that was launched with. Who we've all been waiting for that for a while. I reached out to Cls. Who's our market maker, and just said, hey? Give me a quick update, and things went very well from their side that told us ahead of time. They thought, you know, we'll see green candle and then dumping some of the marketing, would tokens that Maxie puts out, or Mxc. Puts out to people. they're pretty happy with it. I think it was getting up to about 300 k. Those first few days going there. So to 2 50 yesterday, on Volume I noticed some of the volume was shifting towards Mxc. And htx lately, and sort of away from coup coin, which was, I don't know if it's just because it's launched, or what. But that was sort of wasn't really anticipating that Casco was sort of had a coop coin and gate were always sort of one and 2 pretty much, you know, a month ago. so, and from everything they can see it's all pretty much organic volume. there is some discussions usually around Mxc. And Htx. On that they create some of the volume themselves. The the exchange does. But they're not. Nothing looks out of the ordinary. Let's put it that way. It's not like they're spiking it crazy or anything like that. So And I just asked them for a general update. We haven't really given 6 an update since. we started working more directly with the market maker. they've been rebalancing down to Urg or into urg. Obviously, as the prices been dropping. I don't have a clear picture right now, because the Mxc integration is not working on their back end on the tool they give us to look at things. So I don't have like a full picture, but we're or way more heavily balanced on that side of the the pendulum of the 2 between Urg and Usd or Atc. So they're sort of holding back. They feel that there's probably one more dip on Btc which is what every market maker was telling us when we were going through the interviews a while ago. but that in context as well. 2 or 3 Andre, you'd have to correct me. But there was 2 or 3 that thought that or grow was gonna go down to 85 90 cents which thankfully, I think we bounced off like 1 27 or something, just so that people don't call it dead, or something like that in the public domain. It's been handling well and but yeah, there, there's thoughts that there's gonna be possibly one more dip. And then, hopefully. when things start bouncing back, they're gonna start reouncing back more to 50 50, so that they can. you know, continue to cultivate the volumes. But right now her little gunshot to start pushing a lot of liquidity in close. We're at like point 4 to point 8 on the spread right now, I think. They don't want to get too terribly close, or the weird. you know. Daily, hourly fluctuations we see sometimes you can start getting out of balance and then not being able to support the coin. Very well. So that's basically that update and let me know if anything didn't makes sense and what I was saying there and then. The last one is the hackathons coming up and ask Glasgow to sort of give a quick take and cause she's here as well. I've seen him throwing out some ideas. But my question to you guys is, I'm not really. I hadn't seen anything in discussion really. Yet where like are the 6 beyond promoting it? Are we sponsoring it like trying to do any kind of like focus? Some focus to, you know, as they're tooling that we want to see coming out of this, that maybe we can do like a subprise or just that kind of thing. I'm not sure. In the past. I don't think 6 have really had much of a budget to throw it anything like this. So and then the other one is to to Qx and others that have had more interactions at the conferences recently. how do we reach out to some of those different blockchain groups and things like that. I'm not. Gonna I'm sort of a dog on that phone right now. I think that that's an untapped market right now. Those blockchain groups are. I mean, they're getting to work with Btc, it's not like they're in theory working with some, you know. Small chain in their heads. You know, as kids that just went to some conference looking at Solana. You know, avalanche and stuff like that. They're good to work with Btc. And integrations. With that. you know. I mean to me that'd be pretty appealing as a university student. just wondering, you know, if that's something maybe we can try to do, or how how we could approach that. So.

qx(): So I I I think I can definitely reach out to. My plan was to reach out and have the Riva broadcast this through her group in her Cs department as well, cause she's a Cs Major Cis major. and try to get those guys to come in and and compete for the prize as well. And then we could also ask potentially for a guest judge, and maybe one of those people could be a guest judge as well. That would also kind of get other people involved in that if they're if they're actively judging it and then on top of that I forgot what I was gonna say already. But that's that for for Iraq. Yeah. And the other thing is, we can remember when Cw. Would run the community based rewards we could take over that essentially, and do that. Start a raffle for a little bit of prize and promise to match it. So if we put a raffle up for 1,000 erg for community prizes, or even 500 ergs, and we match the 500 ergs, and we could do a community vote based on and distribute 1,000 ergs to the community community winner, judge, kind of thing, do a sponsorship there? So so that'd be that'd be definitely easy to do as far as that goes. But I can. I can keep you posted on what Reva says is, is a hackathon posted yet fully the rules, or just the teaser.

Mark Glasgow: The date and price this afternoon should. There's an urgent post for it yet.

qx(): Okay, so there's enough info for me to give it to Riva and have her distribute it.

Cannon: Yeah, that link is the link to the Urgo platform. I mean, it has the info.

qx(): Perfect. Okay, I will send that. I will send that there fantastic. great. awesome. Yeah. I mean, that should be fairly attractive for any Cs student, you know, writing something cool. Okay. And are you guys against doing a raffle to do a community based price pool.

Cannon: So put on Paddy here for something. Oh, it's gonna be somebody's fancy customer, Joe. What I mean having you guys here. What's your feedback on How we could help push the hackathon like what? Or projects. If there's anything that you know, strike anyone's fancy that we.

qx(): Not just not just hackathon, but that theme, ergo.

Cannon: Yeah, just in general.

qx(): That kind. Yeah.

Joseph Armeanio: I think it'd be good to get an idea incubator going. We've done that in previous hackathons. Just to kind of build. I don't know a base idea set that way. If there's any disconnect between like the development mind share and kind of the idea mine share, there's crossover.

qx(): Didn't you flush that out how that would work, Joe.

Joseph Armeanio: Sure previously, you know, it's been as simple as even opening, like opening like a channel or having a community chat in terms of like. You know, what ideas would people want to see? Try to kind of incubate concepts.

Cannon: Okay.

Kushti: And yeah, I think a very cheap way to promote their go hack is just to repost all tutorials. courses for developers like Dico head.

Cannon: Yeah.

Kushti: And and a a excell. So Chris and key made it back in 2021 like that. So, yeah, a a lot of old materials to just people around and well, to to get out of bubbles to invite developers from outside.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, I've got Marcel make up some infographics, and I'll put the first couple of drafts into the community market share. But it'll be good to do a push of old resources, those new shiny graphics on turn stuff. A couple people went that way. Andrew was looking into some paid promotion thing, but I'm not sure it's suitable for this hackathon. but we can always infiltrate other discords like general Cripple scores noster blue sky. Just find out with a Bitcoin people hang out and call. Go past some of it. but I'll try and formalize some more. But I'll not join the week this week coming am fuck me marking around the heck. We should have a graphics, backpack and stuff ready to go.

qx(): Mark, are you able to make a discord channel for the incubator? And then we can start blasting it out on socials, at least for people to come and join the discussion.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah, absolutely. Awesome.

qx(): I I was feeling I didn't have enough channels that I had to pay attention to.

Mark Glasgow: We could do it in the Hackathon Chat Channel.

qx(): Oh, nice. Okay. So just invite people there to kind of and communities.

Mark Glasgow: It's not been used anyway, until the heck start, so just do it there and then people can scroll back and see it.

qx(): Awesome. Awesome. Okay. okay. Great 2 things that I forgot to mention above is one thing as I said in Chatterley. I spoke with Pixel. I I pinged him a couple of days ago, and it's like, Hey, ha! You know how come? We don't see any or many dev updates in the dev in the dev update every Wednesday, I said. I don't remember reading, you know. You allowed in a long, long time, you know, but they have a ton of updates. So he wrote that he would try to do that. So I think it'd be great to see cyber pixel, cyberverse in in the dev update and read about it. I think there's a lot of exposure there that they should get that they're not getting from that. I also spoke to him. Remember, we were talking about helping out core projects. That's another list that I maybe can finish up today or tomorrow with me being out of commission. But he gave a quote. I think I said last week of $8,000 for the smart contract fixes to to bring them up to date. And then he was gonna open source, the front end that potentially we could take over or hire somebody to take over.

Cannon: You're talking about cyberverse or.

qx(): I'm talking up. Sorry I switched to a sky harbor.

Cannon: Okay.

qx(): Damn it, I keep on mixing up Mr. Pixel and Quoku so sorry I switched to Sky Harbor here. Thank you, Kevin, and So so yeah. So the idea is. So. So he got back to me cocoa, got back to me and said, Look, we may. I don't know if this is public yet, so be careful. Here we may, just do a raffle, pu a public raffle for completing that dev work, and then we'll still open source our front end. So I said to him, I said, Look, you know, while the things discuss about that while we're making this list of core projects that perhaps we want to invest in. Even if you do make the raffle, and we do decide to help invest in the project. We can just donate to the raffle with what we decided. So I don't want him to be held up by what we're slowing down here, as far as that goes. But that's that's that's a really crucial thing I need to work on is the the core. the core ux apps here for, ergo, that people come in and they're like, How come? This doesn't work correctly, or how come? This doesn't work like the other ones? Or why is this taking so long or that kind of stuff? So we can develop those pain points. When people first enter the ecosystem, we can develop a list of those, then we can hopefully either help to get them fixed or pay to get them fixed or assist in it. Perhaps. So, that's that was the whole basis of this. So so just to give you an update on Sky Harbor, and how that works there? Hopefully and hopefully, Boko will join me today for a dev update. I invited him, and we'll see, and we can talk all about Sky Harbor and where it's going and where it's been, and and those kind of things we might do it live as well. If if it's too late in the day, we might just say fuck it. Let's do it live. Okay. And then one more thing from me. So my goal here in the Sigs at least, is to provide sigs with an income of money coming in so mining pool we're making about point 7 5 herbs a day, almost right, or something like that. You can see the the payments coming into the Sigs treasury. That's a one that's a point 9% pool fee, and that'll increase as more people join the pool, and we find more blocks more often. and then the second thing is Sigma Lock, that is being built by 4 eyes right now. They asked for payment after it was built, which is cool. That's nice of them. So Lgd is actually working on kind of the idea framework of how it's gonna function. And then we're gonna go over that and make sure it's okay. I'll bring in a chat and we can chat about it and go from there. But again, the idea is a revenue stream, so each part, each every time somebody enters into sigma lock the fee will be put right into the Sigs treasury from there. Kind of thing. So that's another thing. So the third thing, there's a third app that I'd like to make that will also help with sigs revenue stream. and that is called Hermes, or something like that. Eric, go here.

Cannon: Please.

qx(): Her her me.

Cannon: Please. Okay.

qx(): Herpes, ergo herpes. ergo, Hermes, so the idea is to use a informal mess messaging protocol informal token protocol guidelines, and create a messaging system on top of that of encrypted messaging, and on, on and unencrypted messaging. So the idea is the way infirmal messaging, informal tokens will work is they'll work similar to how Mgp. Was. Gonna do his large event ticketing system. The token exists in a smart contract, and you have the ability of ownership of it, so you can move it or transfer it to somebody else. But it always exists in this smart contract. It can't go out, because if it goes out you can change the parameters potentially. Give it give it what's it called give it more funds so that it's not being taken up by the the storage rent kind of thing. So all the tokens exist in a contract and you open up an app, and you can essentially send encrypted messages to each other based on the person's public key. So if you send it to, if I send it to you, cannon only you can open that message by proving that you can. You know that you are the key signer to that. And then the message can go away in an hour, 2Â h, 3Â h, and be mined, and that funds from mining that or burning that essentially will be a incentive to to do that. So so this can also work from the Mem pool as well. So messaging can be within a couple of seconds back and forth while you chat back and forth with each other. So there's no like 2Â min delay in the messaging protocol there. and we can take a fee a ui fee off the front end, or we can take some other fee somehow built into it. However, that works, or potentially when the token when the token is burnt, whatever fee is included in that token. To incentivize the minor to burn it, we could take a small percentage off of that. So every token burned, 5% goes to the Sig treasury. 95% goes to the person burning the token. So there's plenty of options where we could take a commission essentially, or a fee off of that for that. So that's probably not gonna be as cheap as the sigma lock app that they're building right now. But we'll we'll work on that a quote on that after Sigma lock is coming out, or or a long development. But that's the idea. So so yeah, any anything you guys can think of to to try to keep getting the Sigs money. So where Treasury keeps getting refilled, you know, should be should be a somewhat on the priority chart for you, at least, that otherwise we're gonna run out of money and the Es gonna run out of money. And then we're just working for free again. Essentially, without any. I mean, we're all working for free. But we're working without anything that we can throw money at or utilize any questions on that messaging app. Does that make sense to everybody? What I explained, at least, whether or not you agree with it or not. Does that make sense the way I explained it?

paul will not dm: Is that just like a proposal.

qx(): Exactly so. What it'll what will happen is, I'll 4 Eyes will give me a proposal on how on how they can build it. They'll give me a quote, and then I'll put it up to Padilla for discussion, and everybody can discuss it and then vote on it with the price tag on there. Correct.

paul will not dm: Yeah. Held. Did think that sounded like a interesting way to yeah, build a protocol on top of the chain that allows. yeah. Messaging between wallets.

qx(): Yeah, even on top of that, Paul, you could integrate them into the wallets as well. Exactly. So you don't have to necessarily have a website doing it like Nautilus could build in and just read the messages and and go from there too. So exactly. Yep.

paul will not dm: I guess. Yeah, yeah, the client devices. Yeah. Having clients would just be a kind of different matter for that. Either. Either wallets would need to. Well, you could probably just do it as it is, and and yeah, decipher decipher it somehow. But it might be good to get a like a fresh client, built especially like for the purpose of messaging through the protocol.

qx(): Yeah, for start is, you could just be a web portal. Essentially. Go connect your wallet, and then you have your chats that you click on almost like Pgp email, secure email, just like that.

paul will not dm: I said something before in a Sigs chat actually about if it was worth reserving some of the Treasury funds and putting it into arbitrage, but because the price is gonna move either way, and sometimes there is got quite a bit of fluctuation between exchanges. Say. if the Sigs were capitalizing on that. It would kind of bolster slightly bolster market making, because you can absorb hits from one exchange and carry it over to another. We've obviously, you know, trimming the difference. Sort of it.

qx(): The issue. The issue there, Paul, is that who? Who's who.

paul will not dm: And who.

qx(): Who would do it with with the tax issues coming up, you know. But I think.

paul will not dm: That. That's that's kind of what I thought would be the main concern. You know. What entity is. Is this going to be under

qx(): But we.

paul will not dm: Yeah, no, I don't see. Yeah.

qx(): We could Mark correct me if I'm wrong, maybe canon as well. Could we not give give a chunk another chunk of change to the market maker and say, Hey, can you know? What would you charge to arbitrage here and give us the proceeds from that? Mark's given a thumbs up. So yeah, I guess we could, Paul. You know, just ping the market maker and say, Hey, could you? What could you do with 5,000 ergs, and you know, can you arbitrage for us.

Mark Glasgow: Yeah should be. It's not just add to their existing stack, and they can't transfer between exchanges. This was goodbye to one sound other.

qx(): So how would.

Mark Glasgow: First that way.

qx(): How would they? So they just say, Okay, 5,000 ergs is, you know, 1% of what it is. So we'll give 1% of profits essentially to back to them. Kind of thing. How would they calculate that, mark? How do they keep track of that.

Mark Glasgow: Be harder to do. But yeah, maybe just a percentage like that. No, that's that's just by the rest of it.

Cannon: Yeah. So typically those for at least what they were a couple of them were talking about when I asked follow up questions was usually around 20% to the maker, to the market maker, and then the balance of the Pml to account holder. So.

paul will not dm: Alright, alright, good! Call.

qx(): You should, you should flush it out and put up a proposal. We can. We can ask the market, make it for those specific numbers, and then hand it back to you. And if you want to flesh out a Padilla proposal about doing that, that'd be great.

paul will not dm: Yeah, I'll I could do that. It sounds like some of you you guys or someone like like Canada. So might have a better idea of how to or, yeah. Pro, yeah, procure and handle arrangements for something like that. But I can at least get the proposal started. And maybe. Just yeah. you know, run for a draft outline of what the suggestion is that makes sense perfect.

Cannon: But then I'll I'll connect you with Nikita directly. He's the market maker, like the manager of the account. He's real. He's a good guy like. I mean, he'll work with you and help you figure out what you're looking for, too. So.

paul will not dm: Yeah. Alright.

qx(): Alright cool. What do we have upcoming events? Blitz already launch pack sales really successful. 30 to 600. glizzy launched over a hundred 1,000 Tvl crazy liquidity, too. I think there's like, Oh, yeah 100,000. There, we got TV. That's what he means. So that was very successful. Super cool to see staking slide for clown and glizzy. Now, in addition, the glizzy and air dose revival on 4 20 is, is, are you? All? Is Timor here, timber here? He's not here. I don't know if that's done or not. Is that done?

Cannon: Yeah, it's live.

qx(): It's still live. It goes for the whole month, or what.

Cannon: Yeah, go send them. May, May, even to June, I think maybe.

qx(): Cool, cool. Yup, 6, one to 6, 30. Cool. Very cool. okay. And for now, until we figure out twitter as you notice in chat. I pulled the delegates and put Timmer over to the sigma's delegates so he can repost air, dodge all he wants, and other meme tokens and other.

Cannon: Kind of things.

qx(): Hmm. so yeah. yeah. So anything that isn't like like an infographic or an info thread. You can just assume that I did it on the ergo platform, and just blame me. Should be nice and clear now.

Cannon: I thought you were giving Joe the keys. I swear I saw that.

qx(): That was not a serious statement. Cannon.

Joseph Armeanio: The screenshot.

qx(): Tele tele telegram is not an immutable contract that executes upon entering. What do we got from the ef who represents the ef here. Anything. Joe, you're still in the ef mark still in the ef any updates here or anything else.

Joseph Armeanio: Oh!

Mark Glasgow: There you go!

Joseph Armeanio: Go for it, Mark.

Mark Glasgow: I was pretty sure we're currently working on the budget and the plan for the rest of the year, and so let us know of anything, any burning desires for big changes.

Cannon: I'll make a.

Mark Glasgow: Home and in the Dev chart or something. And just we can prioritize things. Yeah, I think the main focus should be probably trying to fix wallet standards. So there's only what what standards and that's used by all the apps and all wallets. It's probably the most pressing thing. And so we've just been talked through that past week. Ergo, heck stuff. and I put up the manifesto v. 2, on Reddit for input and I think I mean your sausage up, and then I'm gonna turn the documentase. And so we'll give some feedback on that, please, so we can get that published afterwards. And I think that's kind of main things. And yes, so we should walk around that and hack mostly. And, as I said earlier, I'll make up a associate or something to us about paper. You can go through recommendations on how we trying to pull this added best way.

qx(): Is there a way, and maybe the ken you were saying this as well. Maybe when we announce the ergo heck as well, we can. DM, like, we know the Cornell Blockchain Group. But is there an Mit Blockchain group that we can? DM, and say, Hey, guys, here's a ergo hack kind of thing anybody know.

Mark Glasgow: Sure. But yeah, I'm sure. There, there's stuff like that. Yeah.

qx(): Okay, I can. We can search for those search.

Mark Glasgow: You think we think we'd be more students involved in these kind of things because it's money up plate eaten.

Joseph Armeanio: There's a pretty large Stanford Blockchain group as well. I went to one of their events in East Denver.

qx(): Ford mit. Okay? Barnell. Okay, I'm hesitant to. Yeah. I think it's better to use the ergo platform cat. I can't use my even though there's some legitimacy in my Cornell address. I can't. I can't mix those 2. It's gotta be business and pleasure separate. Okay, awesome and hey? Mark or Joe? Or Christy? Are are we still on target for what the nautilus team was aiming for? And that's eventually to support all chains that Rosen bridge goes to. Does that mean we're gonna see Cardana integration into Nautilus at some point, or is Bitcoin integration coming first, or theorem, or what's that look like? Does you guys, you guys know the progress of that? Or the thought.

Joseph Armeanio: Yeah, I do. we've kind of pivoted where we had to refactor a lot of stuff to deal with this new Google manifest update. And just the way that it's designed, it's kind of hard to build and test. So it's been slow. But we have kind of refactored the back end to where it's more modular. And we can plug in multiple chains. So that is like a long term goal. There's also, you know, a path that we have in terms of moving towards kind of mobile. and also looking At the idea of. you know, greater dap, support, integration. What that would look like how to create a nice standard that people can then contribute to. You know, and in terms of first I don't know it. It it may be Bitcoin. It could be Cardano as well. We're not quite there yet. but that is a long-term goal. I know that Mhs. And Minotaur. you know, may have kind of a similar path, which is kind of. I guess. Funny that we both have wallets that are competing.

qx(): That's good.

Joseph Armeanio: And you know I I think actually, for not this hackathon, but the next one you know there may be a use for having, like a wallet type, hackathon. trying to improve the user experience.

qx(): Can we assume that ergo, mobile is probably not gonna have any more versions going forward.

Joseph Armeanio: That's one of those things where Mr. Stefaga, he wants to build more. But it's one of those things where he also, you know, needs an incentive to do so and so in in the short term. you know, he's a great developer. He's commands the money that he asks for right, but it's it's just high. You know. I'm still trying to work towards raising money into the Sigma Developer fund, and I think that long term that's probably the best thing I can do to like fortify all the upstream dependencies.

qx(): Okay. Awesome. Who so far? What's it called? I think we have, and correct me. If I'm wrong for nft, Las Vegas, we have at least from the Sigs we have. Mark myself. Austin, are you planning to go? Did I? Did I hear that.

MB/AM: Yes, I would. I would like to go. okay, so yeah.

qx(): Sorry.

MB/AM: That's the plan. Yeah, I have some, just some questions about it.

qx(): Would you like me to bring the hotdog costume for you, sir?

MB/AM: No, I think we're gonna need a better. A a better hot dog count soon for this situation.

qx(): You're gonna compete with husky dog. You need a better.

MB/AM: Saying.

qx(): Costume. Yeah, it can't be some $20 Amazon kind.

MB/AM: Yeah, I'm already looking. I'm already. I've already been searching Alibaba, sir.

qx(): Awesome. Okay.

MB/AM: Right? So that's.

qx(): Yes, I go for it.

MB/AM: Yeah, so I have some questions. Yeah, do we have any specifics about like the booth, the booth space. And yeah, like, if well.

qx(): Well, if it's anything like last, I know what you're gonna ask if it's anything like last year. At least Nfton. That we merged 1, 2, 3, we merge 3 blocks together. Zen gate rosen Zenki slash rosen sigma's and and a blitz. Tcg, so we had a big space and essentially kind of set up at angles around it, and while and while we were there, you know, Mike was there, and Mike surely was promoting Thc. But he was also promoting the rest of the ecosystem as well. So so you know, there's nothing wrong. I don't think with at least in my mind. Please correct me if I'm wrong, guys. If if a project owner comes and promotes their own project along with the rest of the projects that are there, so I don't. I don't see any inherent issue with that. Perhaps.

MB/AM: Yeah, I think. Well, the ultimate goal for me would be one to have a presence there, probably specifically a presence of like the greasy sex and gif, but really trying to figure out a way to make it engaging for that people that come by the booth. There's something that forces them to actually interact with ergo, and the chain I've thrown around like actually making like physical playing card packs of the nfts that we've done that have paper wallets in them, and one of the paper wallets is like a golden ticket, and it has a hundred erg or You know things things like that that are that will kind of you know, and it doesn't. Obviously I want it to be I want it to be impactful or kind of eye catching, but not take away from, you know, anything like zen gate or or downplay, like Zen Gate, or something like that, where it can't be taken serious, but I'll I'm just thinking in a in a convention center. It might be fun for us to have something kinda lively going on as well. So that's kind of where my my thoughts going. So I just kind of interested in like what the space looks like, kind of where? Where everybody's heads at with like what all is gonna be in there to kind of gauge. Okay, what? What really could I do? Because I want it to be fun and cool. If I'm going to make the trip down there, I want it to be be impactful and quality. You know.

qx(): Yeah, yep, I hear you. But I think.

Joseph Armeanio: I think we have a 10 by 20. That's gonna be merged.

qx(): Wish that's big. That's great. 20 feet awesome. But yeah, so that so far, that's just That's Palmera Palmira. Perhaps. Blitz, Joe, I think you tried to convince Mick to come right sigma knots and Rosen.

Joseph Armeanio: Yeah the Rosen team got 3 like exhibitor tickets with its little booth. So there may be one floating around there. If one of the Sigma knots wants to come and well not pay entry.

MB/AM: Well, that that was yeah. I had that question, too. If, yeah, what was what was that look like? Did what came with the booth, and how many extra tickets we'd need, and such.

qx(): Yeah. So we're waiting for we're we're in a chat with Sam and Dan, and and that I think the guy was on vacation, wasn't. I can't remember what Sam said, but there's outreach going out to the organizer to get some.

Joseph Armeanio: So.

qx(): Clarifications. There.

Joseph Armeanio: Yeah, Randy, you know he does conferences all over the place, so I think he's finally back in the Us. But great.

qx(): So we'll we'll bring those. We'll bring those clarifications back to the group when we get them guys. How many tickets come with our boots, and that kind of stuff in total, or how it's gonna work? Or are we sharing like? Are we all sharing 2 booths or 3 booths or whatnot. However, that's going.

MB/AM: Yeah. And and are we all okay? If the whole booth looks like a massive hot dog stand.

qx(): Why don't you put up a padier vote, Mark? Awesome.

MB/AM: Okay.

qx(): We'll see. We'll see how those no buttons work.

MB/AM: Customs for all of us, and Dan could be the vendor, the hotdog vendor.

qx(): Get down to Mario Costa. We can surf hot dogs perfect. alright anything from you, Christy. Did we switch it to sleep.

Kushti: Alright. So yeah. Well, establishing arguably now at the moment. So yeah. let's see. So what are possible ways to cooperate.

qx(): Alright very cool, and for those that for for people that don't know right, you know the the ergo devs dial Joe, Christie, correct me if I'm wrong, is going to hopefully be funded somewhat by how these site chains are being funded potentially, potentially.

Joseph Armeanio: Yeah, that's my goal is to rebuild kind of a war chest for kind of all of the upstream sigma dependencies. And you know, then it kind of puts us in a position where. And you know, not. Only, you know, can we have just a more robust developer of bond, but we also have this potential to, you know, start absorbing more proof of work and getting more tbl into ergo itself. You know, there's there's a lot of different things we can explore in terms of. You know, a mission contracts that are that are programmed into side chains that you know not only could support, you know, development treasuries, but potentially even help subsidize the security budget for erg minors.

qx(): Awesome. very cool.

Cannon: Hey, hey, Alex, can I ask you a quick question? The I saw you responded to. I think it's post maybe in chat we were in a different group talking about the sub blocks. And I think you said because it's 6.0 coming up. That was gonna be the priority for you. Just so that we all know, and we can sort of help each other know cause. That question comes up a lot. what it takes, or how I mean. is there a way we can help as 6 help fund or push. you know, an effort to get some blocks, or at least help answer people's questions when they, you know, bitch and moan about. I just had 10Â min block. I had to wait for that kind of thing. I mean just what what's on your roadmap, and how we can maybe help or push things forward.

qx(): I don't hear Christy. Maybe it's mics broken. Yeah, Christy, your mic, stop working. Oh, maybe I cut him off before, and when his Mike stops working here. So oh, there we go! Go for it.

Kushti: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sorry. So what was the question?

Cannon: Well, yeah, I mean, it was basically you had answered. I think polls and chat about the sub blocks. And you said that once you get done with 60, that.

Kushti: Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: It. And so it's more to help educate us cause we're in the chats a lot, and people be bitching about a 10Â min block, or you know, whatever help us understand? Sort of the the timelines as you see it. And then Glasco, of course, said, Yeah, find Sigma 6.0 contributors. But how do we? How do we help like? I mean. it's not.

Kushti: Oh, it's it's updated.

Cannon: It's fine in Den's.

Kushti: Yeah, it's got to say so. I have to work on 6.0 now, because well, if core developer morphic refused to work on the 6 point O, so and well, I I had like 2 calls for contributors, but still working alone on 6 point o then, yeah. Well, it. It also depends on our funding. So one of the first questions to be results with her goodness. So actually, what to say at this point. But well, I can start implementation from July hopefully. So my plan is to finish 6.0 before the Hercule made a presentation on that like, what's fixed? What are new features? What's possible? What are use cases? So? And then, yeah. jump on finishing sublocks design. And yeah, the do implementation which just started basically. But yeah, well, it depends on other contributors so well. if no other contributors, then yeah. Well, not the same. Maybe. End of this year. Something like that.

qx(): Alright cool. Anybody else got anything else. I've got a lot of to do here. I'll hit them real quick discussion in Padilla for token liquidity. Get that talked about what that looks like, even though the vote pass there. We'll look at scraping the site to put discussions into chat when they're commented on work on a dynamic payment bonus box and set rewards based on block effort for mining pool gonna work with Mark on the database. Tomorrow I will finish up the support document. Put up a padia vote for the raffle for the community-based prize pool. Create a mark's gonna create a Ch or no. He's not creating a channel. We're gonna use the hackathon channel for for the incubator idea for Bitcoin as a smart layer, and we'll post that to socials on the main chat to invite people in from Twitter into the discord there. Christy mentioned about posting old videos and tutorials to help. It's an easy way to get interactions out there, and I think we have them all. From last year, too, Angie posted a bunch of them for the last ergo hack. canon is gonna connect Paul to the market maker. Now, Nikita, so that we can see what the charges for doing some arbitrage and how much that costs. And then Nikita, then I'll put up a Padia vote and in the meantime I'll search for Twitter groups of colleges like Stanford Mit. Who we can try to advertise the hackathon to to get more people involved. I miss anything. Sounds good. Alright! Everybody! Thanks for coming. Enjoy the rest of your Sunday.

Mark Glasgow: Cheers, guys.

Kushti: Thank you. Ron bye.

qx(): Ciao.
