+++
title = 'Sigmanauts meeting: December 15, 2024'
date = '2024-12-15T00:00:00-00:00'
draft = 'false'
+++

Doomtroll: I don't know. Let's see.

Jake The Snake: What's up? Guys?

Marc Mailloux: Hey? What's up? Phyllis?

Jake The Snake: Nice sunny skies out there, man.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, it's gorgeous out here today for the farmers. Market action.

Jake The Snake: Nice nice.

qx(): No hurricanes today, mark.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, no, not at all. Beautiful skies looks like it might rain, and that's what.

Jake The Snake: It might ring.

Marc Mailloux: Hurricane hurricane season's over. So still we connect you.

Jake The Snake: Nice.

qx(): Jemiah, you should have gotten your 1,000 ergs. Did you check.

Jumei: No let me check now.

qx(): Check the Jfr. Wallet. It should have sent a day or 2 ago. Guys what's it called.

Jake The Snake: You make a motion that that doesn't happen again.

qx(): Cypx is crushing it. Still, it moves against erg. It's like broken out on its own. It's freaking crazy.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, that's awesome.

qx(): Nuts and mew. I can't. Well, I guess I can look at the chart on mule. but until they're on Coingecko, but they're definitely breaking out as well.

Marc Mailloux: It seems like a lot of tokens are in general.

qx(): Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Damn. Are you walking yourself or the dog? Mark? Hey, Kennan.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, I'm this is my family. We're at the farmers market. So.

qx(): Oh, cute cute! Very cute nice, all right. Let's see.

Cannon: I've been updating the agenda as it looks like it hasn't been updated in a while.

qx(): Yeah, probably not. Okay, let me bring this up here. Share screen. Am I recording? Yes, good. All right. So we've got this is a new padilla. We've got. Where is it? Jemai's checking right now to make sure that he got paid

Jumei: Which address did I give you? What's the last.

qx(): Yeah, this this one right here BLTE.

Jumei: Lte, okay.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, so.

Cannon: That's tomato, ergo.

qx(): Lettuce to me. There you go!

Marc Mailloux: I was thinking, Bluetooth.

qx(): I mean, Jemiah really is pulling through like a brother, because he could have done he could have done this. That's pretty crazy props to you, Jemiah. and nobody would have blamed you either, if you would have said Fuck. You trades off.

Jumei: I, yeah, I'm not seeing the transaction.

qx(): Really.

Jumei: Yeah.

qx(): Let's see, let's go to. So that is recipient. Their activation is 1213. So I would have made the the thing I would have made the thing send on the 14.th So let me go to financials.

Cannon: Just go to activity.

qx(): Oh, that's where it is!

Cannon: Yeah, it's sort of a little cumbersome.

qx(): So it did not send it out. But let's also go to here. Voting it would have been, I guess I haven't signed out yet. That's really strange.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Nope.

Cannon: It wasn't over the balance that was available, correct.

qx(): No, it's only a thousand. We have 1,300 in there.

Cannon: I mean, I'm just yeah. I was just double checking.

qx(): Yep, yep. So let's go back here. Maybe I put it in. So started the 10, th 11, th 12, th 13, th usually for safety. I put the activation date. But I've been getting closer. So yeah, I mean, it says, activation time is right there.

Marc Mailloux: Hey? Just check those signals. Chat looks like a thousand just left. So maybe it just now sets.

qx(): Like just left.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, yeah, I just got that notification on our on television.

qx(): There you go. It just had to be what the fuck.

Marc Mailloux: That's super weird.

qx(): Yeah, there, we go.

Hq3r: Think Louis in here, and that he just saw it, and he signed it.

Marc Mailloux: Is.

qx(): Like shit. I gotta manually all right. You should see that right, Jemiah. Let's see.

Cannon: Yeah, I think the vote was actually active. Still, when I did the proposal today. So that makes sense.

qx(): Okay. So that says it says. here, okay.

Marc Mailloux: I think that's it. Looks like it just ended and then sent.

qx(): Okay, cool. I see cool.

Jumei: I can see the transaction now.

qx(): Great, and they think.

Cannon: It with. I'm still not clear. So I created one to sell the Spf balance because we're like just losing erg every day on that 3,000, erg to date, and then I was. I created one.

qx(): We sold it all.

Cannon: No, there's still 60,000 left, really. Oh, shit! Yep, and then and I was tired of just saying it. Meetings so created this. The Louis said. You should be able to do like a back to back proposal, and you still can't like I don't know what the mechanism is, for. like the timing on being able to create another proposal after the one is active. So there's a duck. There's a duck pools, one that says draft, but there was no error. Warning that said like your transaction isn't going to go through it. Just the transaction bombed after I went through Nautilus and hit go.

qx(): Right, so.

Cannon: So.

Marc Mailloux: A few minutes, because I think we just need the State key is sent back to you because I think it sends the State key when you create the proposal. and then then, after some time, it sends back.

Cannon: Well, that's I've I've asked that, and sometime it's been 40 min. I still don't have it back. It never sent one with the transaction.

Marc Mailloux: Oh, 2.

Cannon: Create the S.

Hq3r: The the issue you are having is that the same issue I had? So what basically happen is that instead of sending you back your key. It's kind of stored in your unspent boxes, and you have to make another transaction. or to whatever or consolidate. And when you consolidate, you get that key the State key back. It has happened to me 3 times already.

Cannon: So I need to hit consolidate, basically.

Hq3r: I voted. I voted on something, and then I went to Dex and made a trade, and I received the stake key instead of the and also the the trade I made. So that was weird. So I think, Louis. And he said, That yeah, seems like that. My key went. It was in my wallet, but it wasn't in in the spendables it was in unspendable, and when I spent and the things came back as as I can, I can spend it. So yeah, you have to consolidate. I think.

Cannon: So stupid. Question then, and this will help, and I'll document it for anybody else later. They're I have my padea staking in Nautilus. Nautilus does not have the consolidate token J. App, or any kind of consolidate. I just need to send everything in my staking wallet to myself.

qx(): You know, sort of.

Cannon: Holidays, not as consolidation. It's right here. Oh, the d app! Yep.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: So then just hit optimize. And I'm done. Basically, okay.

qx(): Okay, all right. So good that payment went out great. So we have Right here we have let me go to assets. We still have all these farkin assets. We have 2 million comment, Clown. Anything worth anything.

Cannon: Yes, there's stuff in there. Anything in there other than BBC needs to just get sent over to the new multi.

qx(): Yep, yep. Do we want to do? We want to spend it? Do you want to convert any of it like just dump Terahertz, fuck it, or what.

Cannon: Oh, there's already a vote on Terahertz and some of the other tokens to send out to the mining pool.

qx(): Oh, there is. Mark made a vote on that on the mining pool.

Cannon: I did. It's right here. Donation of certain tokens on.

qx(): Oh. great, okay, perfect. So we'll put these in the new multisig. Yeah, 130. Netta. Damn, that's amazing. I think this is fake. I imagine I won't send the fake shit like hollow erg that's fake. Okay, I'll send.

Cannon: Yeah, I mean.

qx(): See in the fake shit.

Cannon: Yeah, that's sort of what I was thinking.

qx(): Okay, does anybody does rustling want? BBC, do we want hot alien stuff? Do we want a fuck on the blockchain in our new wallet?

Hq3r: I think Mina wants it.

qx(): Too soon. Hq. Too soon.

Hq3r: I. Still. the funny thing was when he asked, I'm going to be a parent. So I'm dropping my address so you guys can send anything, and I was like, can I send BBC.

qx(): I mean. all right. So that's the 6 trade that's the old treasury, New Treasury we have. You can see, 11,000 in it. Our assets are the 3 Sig Usd. I don't know why that's in there. Maybe I sent it there. or maybe I sent it out with the other transaction can't remember. That's that I have right now I what's that?

Cannon: All. All this is on the agenda. There's a link to go to. Portfolio crocs with everything in it.

qx(): Oh, yeah, I'm gonna go to portfolio to call.

Cannon: I mean you. You can. I think you have to paste in all the 3 addresses, but I mean they're all.

qx(): Yeah.

Cannon: Right deal.

qx(): Showing you this right here you can see there is where is it? Right here there's a 2,500 Sig Usd. Right there I've written. Let me find the message.

Cannon: If mesh grain is sharing, it has the portfolio with all 3 wallet addresses on it.

qx(): Perfect. I've written Sam, and asked him for the address. Right there. You can share your screen, Dan. Go for it.

Cannon: So.

qx(): Yep, there you go! Nice.

Cannon: So.

qx(): That's that's Robert Olberg.

Cannon: Well, yeah, that's today. We're down 18 overall with.

qx(): How much love did I put in there? Because that's a fake, I mean, that's not much liquidity. Some of this stuff.

Cannon: Yeah, like.

qx(): Dollars. Okay, all right. Good. That's not terrible. That's extractable. okay, cool. So that's fairly accurate. So you got about 30 30 K in here. Us dollars.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Not bad.

Cannon: And it doesn't have the 500 that you're gonna put back into the duck pool lending, or whatever.

qx(): It's already. I didn't. I never took it out. I left it in there. Yeah. You'll see the screen, the screenshot on the main twitter. You'll see the 5, the 5 12 still in there.

Cannon: Yeah, but it's not. It's not showing up in here. It used to.

qx(): No, no, it's still. It's in the pool still.

Cannon: I understand it used to show.

qx(): Oh, you mean the tokens? Oh, I have. Oh, right right here, let's do that now.

Cannon: Because you have the you have to have the tokens to pull.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, let me let me send them. Yep, yep, I do have the tokens. I will send that in a second.

Cannon: In Abdelma.

qx(): Okay, cool and then you we should see the mu. The 500,000 view in there in a minute, which is a fuck ton of view. That'll be another 5,000, Eric. So another $10,000. So we're we're 30, $38,000 back again in the in the Sikhs treasury. Okay, what do we have for how much are you proposing to contribute to duck pools?

Cannon: A 1,000.

qx(): 1,000 ergs.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): Nice. And what do we get? Returns off that? Or it's just a donation.

Cannon: It's so. I have the.

Marc Mailloux: 10% right.

Cannon: Add the text, no, it's the full balance. I have the text in the in the agenda. So basically, you put in a thousand. It's priced at one and a half pennies per quack. And the current price is 5 cents per quack. So you basically get a 300% return right now for donating you get it back over the course of 6 months, though the vesting is 6 months. And so yeah, that's the that's their mechanism. So I'm intimated. Cool.

qx(): No. Brainer. Yeah. Yeah.

Cannon: And if you publish that, we're doing it, and like the parameters of the current price and the sale price. I mean hopefully, that might spur some community to. It needs, they need 16,000 to finish out phase 2.2, which is the second phase of this new iteration. They're going through. So yeah, it's.

qx(): Quacks are at an all-time high right now at 5 and a half cents right.

Cannon: No, I think all time is 8. If I was looking.

qx(): Correctly before Coingecko got a hold of it. Must be.

Cannon: Yeah, it was 10 cents.

qx(): Kind of April 24. Yeah, yep.

Hq3r: Yeah, that was yeah. It was. That was when they they launched the the yield farm. So when they launched the yield farm it dumped.

Cannon: August of 23. Yeah, I wasn't familiar with that or not. I thought that was maybe when it launched, actually went live. People bought a bunch, and then it cratered so. But yeah, this is the highest point. It's been other than the random spike, I think, when it launched in August of 23. So moving in the right direction.

qx(): Cool, very cool. I can't get the votes to load on Padilla for me today. I click on them and they just circle off to wipe my cache.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, I was getting the same thing earlier as well.

qx(): Son of a bitch. Okay? So today I will start a I'll start that multi-sig. I told everybody in version one of the multi-sig that we got one more transaction to do. So we'll get that out. and I'll send the duck pools thing in to our new multi sig, and then let's initiate a payment. for our bills today as well out of the multi sig the normal multisig. Then the question remains, do we want to prime Padilla again, because we're going to be down to 300 ergs in Padilla. What are people's thoughts on that.

Cannon: I was. I was planning on sending the for this duck pools. Ideo. I forgot. Yeah, July's thing hasn't gone through. I was planning on doing a thousand to myself, and then sending it to the Ido and giving my wallet address to Crass, so that it would go back, you know, so that the vesting goes back into the Dow treasury and not into like my wallet, so I don't have to keep doing transfers every week.

qx(): If that's why it didn't let you make the the draft. I wonder if that's why.

Cannon: It's it's what it's what Hq. Was saying.

qx(): The other thing. Okay.

Cannon: It's clunky.

qx(): What'll happen. So if if Padilla lets you do so, if it passes, and there's no ergs in.

Cannon: Yeah, but probably break it.

qx(): Yeah, or does it just sit there until you fill it with herbs?

Cannon: Be a question for Louis.

qx(): Yeah.

Hq3r: I think the option bots kind of re-sync is. No, if there is, it is not confirmed, let's say, if there is missing, the board just tries and tries again, and we're in the loops. When he sees that there is balance, for it will just the option will execute it.

qx(): That's what I remember. Then, what? Typically, these drafts go away after a day or so, from what I understand from what my experience was, but your draft's been up for 2 days. Cannon.

Cannon: No, it's just now like, just.

qx(): Oh, you did a 5. You did a 5 day vote.

Cannon: Yeah, cause their their idea, I don't think, is for a full week. It's it's like a 5 day period. So I was concerned if we vote, and it doesn't occur.

qx(): Gotcha craz is sort of a stickler for rules. If you guys haven't noticed that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. If you guys saw I put let me stop your sharing. Let me restart my.

Cannon: Yeah, I tried.

qx(): Gotcha I fixed. Okay? I did. Where is it? I've got 5 more of where we launch physical store. I guess I'll have to lower the price. The price doesn't really matter. Honestly, I'm just trying to fund the Dow Treasury wallet for Cornell, so I've posted one of these. I've got about 5 more to post. They're a Mac pro for a hundred 20 bucks. 65. Erg, it's it's a great little machine. It's what I run some of my watches on downstairs. So we have about 5 more of these in shop. So Hq. I'll probably post about 4 or 5 more over the next week and put them up there. I'll probably drop the price down to 50 erg or something to keep it below 100 bucks, but it's very capable machine. So hopefully, once once all 5 or 6 are on there, I'll pop them. I'll pop out a tweet about fitchical new finance stores. So, Jeremiah, if you want to put some more honey on there, too, to bulk it up, that'd be great as well if you have that.

Hq3r: I think that in the upcoming weeks we're also getting more attention on store because of the Italian and Art gallery. So yeah, we will see if there is more action, so there will be more visibility, more people will be viewing it, and if they see something like like what you are showing right now if they like it, and they want to buy it so they will.

qx(): Great, awesome, great, and I hope nobody minds I'm I'm using Sig shop for this just for I guess I don't have to, but just kind of cosign consignment. And I'll donate I'll donate several erg to the 6 treasury off of each sale because of that consignment. So yeah, okay, I think that's all I got. How's the mining pool going, Mark?

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, it's going good. Thanks again for getting that Tls set up. So I guess you didn't have the video. So at some point. It would be great for us to sit down. Just kind of walk me through that.

qx(): Of course. Yep.

Marc Mailloux: But other than that, yeah, we get the successful bonus transfer on Monday. And then this last week I've been working to the use that code? Oh, man, they use that code to instead of use the node using mnemonic I received. So I don't have to send the you know, the the tokens to my node wallet. and so that's off to the races. it's kind of it, I guess the vote just passed for to create cheese. So I just need his wallet. I I reached out to him. I don't. I don't have his address on hand, so anybody else has his address, or I'll just wait for him, I guess, and then I'm not sure what we wanted to do for the quote unquote Dow Treasury. Did we want to put that in sip idea. or did we want to? Just leave it in the move it into? I guess the pools wallet that's paying people, and then kind of go from there. What do you guys think.

qx(): What was the

Marc Mailloux: It's like 39 ergs.

Cannon: For the mining guy storage right?

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, for storage. Right?

qx(): And that was storage allocation right here. So 50% to cheese a lead that for storage and 50% to the mining dow. Oh, you're asking where to put those that little thing.

Cannon: I wouldn't put it in paid yet, because it's not on the paideia, because getting them out, getting it out of Paideia. Qx was saying that was a pain in the ass last time, because the length of the address is like. Okay, oh, sure, sure.

qx(): In Beta. You can't go from multi-sig to multisig with a long address. Yeah, yep.

Marc Mailloux: Okay. So then I guess I'll just put it into the main pools wallet, take it out of the storage rent, and then later this week I'll start working on that implementation that cheese was suggesting. So for the fair equal distribution for the storage rent. And so I think we have like 110 ergs in there. So probably like 30 eggs are gonna be distributing to to everybody. So that's kind of exciting. Yeah, trying to think.

Cannon: That's basically we're looking at taking the rolling sort of distribution from like what shares were earned on the most recent blocks. Kind of thing is that what we were looking at doing.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, I believe so.

qx(): Yeah, cause storage rent storage rent is bundled into a found block that we do. So. Then whoever found that block. and who's ever getting paid out for that specific block is already calculated. Ppl, and S, so yeah, it's it's fair to just take that that ratio and distribute storage. Run out for that. Yeah.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah. And mining core handles that with, I think the balance changes table, and then I'll be able to see all the ergs that are get added to the balance, and then be able to use that proportionally to to all the specific miners. And that way, like cheese, was saying, we don't have to calculate any new data. And so then from there I just have to change my recipients list for the airdrop code. So then, that way I can say minor A gets one org minor B gets 2 org, etc, and then and then the airdrop code should be able to handle everything else so, and then, in terms of bonus stuff, I I think Hq. Is saying he wants to send us some new for the bonus stuff so definitely send that over. If you have any other tokens, it'd be kind of cool to stress test and see how much tokens we can put into a transaction and kind of grow that week by week, just to kind of for shits and giggles. And so I think we had 18 tokens last week, and so I think this week we'll have over 20 for sure. So that'll just be kind of cool.

Hq3r: You can. You can also also chain the Tx, right? So it doesn't have to be all in a in one.

Marc Mailloux: Totally totally. We could put it. Yeah, go ahead.

Cannon: I was. Just gonna say, I'll I'll ping you again. But we need to redo the math on the I think it was gif was like. yes.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, I fixed that.

Cannon: Closed. Okay.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, I fixed it. It's because, I I went through it manually, and I just human error. We missed it. The decimals. It was 0 instead of 6, I think it was supposed to be, and so I fixed that. And then fucks was the same thing. So it should be good. Moving forward.

Cannon: Cool.

Marc Mailloux: And then the dashboards back up the Api is a lot better. In terms of that stuff. I still need to get the Dns back online. So it's ergo miners. But right now it's just the the IP address. And then I had a minor reach out to me, saying, why he hadn't been paid, but we hadn't found any blocks within that time. So I had to kind of explain to him. Like, you know, we gotta find the blocks in order for people to get paid so cleared that up And then.

qx(): Is, net net him happy. That's important.

Marc Mailloux: Yes. Yeah.

qx(): Yeah, and I think.

Marc Mailloux: Ken I thought I think I saw Buddy hasn't been active. I think he just switched his address. And so net terms, just using a different address instead of the buddy. One. But yeah, he he's happy now he's got the Tls. And I was actually cool to see him. I guess he had some type of meet up over in Russia, so that was really cool to see. He met him and stuff like that.

qx(): That is awesome. Yeah, we're at 107 giga hash guys. I think that's a high watermark for natural hash.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, yeah, I think so. I think that's like a new record for us, absolutely. And it keeps growing. I think either it's net of getting new rigs week by week, day by day. you know. No, it's funny dude he was like at 30, and then, you know, he's at 40, and now now I think he's got like 50 on on his own and stuff. So

Hq3r: The winter is here. You have to understand. The winter is here, so most people use those just for for warming their rooms.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I think. I think, just keep doing what we're doing more eyes on it. I think there isn't there some sort of, I think, erg once doing something with tweet tweets right now for the mining course or tutorials and things like that, I keep seeing a lot of people post about the mining pool and how to get it set up. So that's awesome. Always good marketing stuff. And then I would say on top in terms of marketing, still waiting on the ef to pay us I know Ken, and we talked about getting paid monthly. but I feel like they're just so slow, and I'd rather if they could pay us all in some, and then put in the dow, and then once a month. We can then vote to release those funds for their intended purposes. Or, however, we want to do that.

qx(): They giving you cigusd or herbs.

Cannon: It hurts cause she screws everything up when they.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah tank sig Usd.

qx(): Right, and so I should say they market they market by on the decks. Is that what she.

Cannon: Yeah, instead of.

qx(): Minting in the bank. Yes, and that causes chaos. It's like.

Cannon: 8.

qx(): Oh, yeah. Fuck, yeah. Live tomorrow, Anastasia. It's like, Come on, guys.

Marc Mailloux: And so, and that's a good segue. Ergo, hack, I feel like ef again just is dragging their ass on a lot of stuff like, you know the judging, you know. and maybe not. Maybe judges, I don't really know, but like from an outside perspective. And I could just be, this could not be true. But you know, it just took such a long time. And then they actually gave deadlines like, Okay, this is what's happening. This is what's happening, and by this time we'll have a judge. It took, you know. It was end of October, and here we are, like, you know, the month and a half later. So I was kind of considering it'd be kind of cool, and we could use new funds. I think it'd be a cool idea if we wanted to generate some prize prizes for that, if we were to run it. and then we kind of find and then use idea to have like a Union vote style. But and then also from a technical perspective, add the incentive to be like, Hey, you know, here are the projects I need. This done in 3 days. Thanks. And then here's some, maybe urgs for them, or something like that. But I I think, like you know, when the Ef. Is sort of saying, Hey, let's have these ergo hacks, and we're trying to get new developers in, but then takes such a long time, you know, and then they announce it, and then, after they announce it, all the videos are released. It's like, you know, it's kind of spoils the sort of sauce of it. I I kind of I think so.

qx(): Yeah, I don't know. I do. I do agree that there's a a lot of lot of freaking delay.

Hq3r: Oh, thank you. I think Mark joined us after discovery ago. Right? Cause he doesn't know about discovery ago it was launched in September in 2,023, and we rewarded people in Septem in October 2,024, tomorrow, 23. Actually. it took us one year to reward people.

Marc Mailloux: Oh, my God!

Hq3r: Because the money was yeah, because the money? Yeah, the money was in ef wallets, if they are outside, if they're in in people because it for us building a Tx is very simple. We just input, this, give this to that and that to that. But for them it is seems like. It is very difficult for them to do it.

qx(): Yeah, discover discovery. Ergo, I think was I think Andy took that was assigned to Andy or something, and I think he was having trouble getting people to respond to him when he would DM them for their address, so he'd rewrite them on Twitter and be like, hey? What's your address, so I can pay you. And he was getting very few responses back for that. So that's when I said, Fuck it, let's just tip bottom. So we tipped about 98% of them and then crashed the tip bottom at the end. And I think 2% didn't get paid out. But nobody cares.

Marc Mailloux: Right.

qx(): Yeah. So so that's that was that. I mean, I understand that. So for for ergo hack, I think we could also incentivize rewards for the judges. and.

Marc Mailloux: Absolutely.

qx(): That would hold them accountable like here, you know. Here's a prize judging deadline is this day. If you don't judge in time, then no reward kind of thing, you know, because it's real, I've judged once one year one of them and Rustin's judge. One of them, Rustin, was on top of that shit. But for me, too, it's hard. It is hard to sit down and go through all that stuff and feel like you're doing a good job understanding and evaluating their code. So so perhaps some sort of reward system, we shave off. We shave off from the prize pool. We shave off rewards for the judges for for actually judging that may get people a little more involved. But I do think we could do a better job managing it. Yes, I'm not saying, yeah. I'm not trying to say anything bad about how it's being done. Currently, it's just so so much wind is blown out of the sails by ergo, hack! When it comes along it's like, Oh, here it is. Oh, it started. Oh, it's over. Okay. Yeah. Who won, you know? Like.

Cannon: I think Gray Man had a great idea on, and I think maybe you chimed in, or somebody chimed in on. It just needs to be winter and summer, we just need to have 2. And then, if Rosen wants to have their own great, if you wants to have their own great or whatever right. If duck pools wants to have people built. That like they can have their own. But if we just did it twice a year, and it was actually coordinated. I mean, if you looked at? you know it's a naughty word, and baseless, but if you look at the way left him, did theirs dude that was top notch, and I know they got like money to blow like.

qx(): Gross.

Cannon: I know they do, but it looked good, and it was a proper like followed the what you see on general hacks, you know, like in in the broader, you know, coding ecosystem. So I don't know. That's I think we offer. Hey? Let's not do another one till we can have a proper marketing document. Go to market document. I mean everything around it, so that.

Marc Mailloux: Tell me.

Cannon: We can activate Mg's college. Qx's a few others.

qx(): Yep. Yep.

Cannon: Reach out to that whole midwest blockchain crew, I mean, they'd send it out to 150 colleges. I mean, we could really do it. and there needs to be real prize money.

Marc Mailloux: I mean no offense.

Cannon: I mean this prize money was great, but I mean you dangle 50 or 100 k. Out there to people, and it's.

Marc Mailloux: Right.

Cannon: I mean, that's that's real money.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, form some like legit teams, you know. 5, 10 people teams, you know. However, right to get the job done. But yeah, yeah, totally like a week if we did it like a month, and it'd be cool to have some sort of in real world sort of event where you could kind of learn some things. And then that's I think I'm just dreaming there. But yeah, I totally agree. And plus tens coming up like, let's make that like the best one, just from like, I guess nice even number.

qx(): I can take it over without a proposal. Let me. I can ask if you guys are interested. I mean.

Marc Mailloux: Yeah, I'd be happy to help out with that.

qx(): Alright. Let me ask Mark and Angie see if they'll let us do.

Marc Mailloux: It'll.

qx(): Useful cannon. How's how's coin, Alpha doing.

Cannon: Yes, I put that in the update. Hold on one second. I have not Buddy. coin! Alpha has been doing pretty good so last week last full week was December 7th they were 16% of total orders on the exchanges that they're managing for us or managing the services for us. Kucoin is the strongest. Mexc is Mxc is okay. We're committed to support that for a full year due to the community fundraising. So that's through May of 2025 Htx is the weakest. I think we need to strongly consider if it's worth supporting. It cost 1,500 a month again, the ef's paying for that, but it's 1,500 a month that could be redirected to something else, and there's 60,000 tokens on that exchange. So for me, it's looking at, you know, Bnb. Or one of these others that they can market makers can run on decks as well. And so I think it's time to consider at some point here, you know, in the spring, what's the right approach for the overall investment that's in the from a an ongoing, and then the the lump sum of value that is on these exchanges. So I mean, I my only strong opinion is, I think Htx is dog shit. But there was some volume when we spiked I'm in some fair volume, but it sort of paled even to Maxi, like, I know some people use it, but it just doesn't seem to be very well traded. Let's put it that way? So yeah, that's that's that update.

qx(): Do you feel they're doing a good job of protecting when or responding when you're pinging them that, you know, like 50,000 Erics just moved to Qcoin or or not Kucoin, but one of those exchanges.

Cannon: Yeah, it's pretty much unlike Kucoin, like no one's transferring to Mxc or or Hdx, like in big numbers, really like, it's like 5,000 or something piddly shit here and there which ain't gonna make a difference. Yeah, that that got sorted out, I think. Pretty good. The 1st time. So what what Andre is talking about is Who made the the ergo monitor? But anyway, that that transaction when you also yeah, when Pulsar you get those big, you know, and I don't see it always like we. We haven't fine tuned it for us for our purpose. But when I see, like a big 2030, $40,000 transfer to Kucoin. I've instructed the just back off to like 5, 10%, because, like we don't need to help facilitate. you know somebody else's activity that can do it on their own. If they're moving that much, you know, change around in their pocket. We don't need to do that. So That's been pretty good. Honestly, they usually give a pretty quick thumbs up on that. So That's really the only deviation that we ever asked them to do. They're not doing any trading or wash trading or anything like that. It's just settling. And and the majority of what they're placing on the order book. The majority of it is further back into the 5 and 10%. Just so that it looks like there's a healthy market on both sides. not so much in the narrow bands. The narrow bands of that 2% or pretty organic on all the exchanges with Htx being the least organic, but as far as orders being placed, that you see, when you go to, you know, when you go on to. you know. Make your trade, and you see you know what you could take down if you sold, or what you'd have to take out if you wanted to buy So yeah, I think they're they're doing a good job. They're responsive asked them for a metric the other day, and they're rolling it out to their dashboard for every client, because they saw value in it. I mean, I think, that we can help them. I've talked to Joe separately, and private messages. I think that oh. through Hummingbot and some focus and attention in a in about a year we could probably oh, handle there. There could be some service, provided I think related to this. I don't necessarily think that we're gonna have to have a 3rd party forever doing this? But we'll see. But yeah, it's a big investment that the the community makes through the ef. you know, having to to carry that water for everybody. That's up any questions or concerns with any of that. I'll answer them now, or anytime. You guys chat or send me a private chat. That's fine.

qx(): Is it just you and me in this chat? Are there any any other States marks in there?

Cannon: You may mark Glasgow, and then General Major Pop. I haven't seen him around for a while that he was the other one that was on that when we started that up that, you know said, Hey, I'd like to.

qx(): See you tomorrow.

Cannon: I know he was going through like selling his business in real life like some stuff like that, like he had a lot going on like personally, so I haven't seen him around much at all in the chats, but it's sort of expected. Given what he was telling me so.

qx(): Alright! Great tracking, accounting, tracking, Jake. What have you found that you think will be useful for us to keep our books to? Oh, sorry, Canon.

Cannon: Sorry. No, it was something I was gonna ask it. One of the Mms. We interviewed was flow desk. They were the one that was out of France.

qx(): France! Yep.

Cannon: Oh, and I saw a tweet, and I asked, and of course I've received no response. But it's minswap or dex hunter. Maybe it's Dex Hunter over on Testnet is doing. They've done some integration partnership with Flowdesk for Cardano negative native tokens to get services from both sex. And Dex, so I'm not sure flow desk is now plugged into the Cardano indexes. It's not clear. But I'm going to follow up with Julian and just say, hey? I saw this, you know. Can you fill me in? On what cause? If projects they're having to carry it? It's like what just use Hummingbot man like, just, you know, but I'd be curious to see how that's sorting out. Or you know, if it's just a big trying someone trying to create a referral funnel. Skim off the top. I don't what it is, so.

qx(): I think they were. They were the ones with a huge draw. Right? Were they the 1.5 million dollars? Draw.

Cannon: No, no flowdesk was. They were very similar to coin. Alpha. that those are my 2 favorite period, like, Yeah, they're legit. They have rules in France, so they have to follow them.

qx(): Yeah, yeah, they did seem like, pretty legit. Yeah.

Cannon: Yeah. Yeah. And they were one of them that can take you all the way to any tier one. And all the way down to any little ship one, if you wanted them to. so similar to quote Alpha, so sorry for interrupting.

qx(): No no cool, cool.

Cannon: Hang on a minute.

qx(): Jake, what are your thoughts? We gotta try. So we got, we're gonna have the payment going out today for salaries. We're gonna have the payment going out for server reimbursements, and then we'd like some sort of projections as well moving out. You know. How how long can we sustain this on this. and then at what? At what price do we have to start? Maybe fundraising, or cutting. or fixing, or something? You know currently ergs at 1 94. What's erg at right now? Ergs at.

Jake The Snake: 1 94.

qx(): 194, 197, now.

Jake The Snake: What?

qx(): Well, just like.

Cannon: They're not Cardano.

Jake The Snake: I was. Gonna say, I checked it like 20 min ago. Welcome to erg.

Hq3r: REDACTED FOR DOXXING SOMEONE

qx(): REDACTED FOR DOXXING SOMEONE

Hq3r: REDACTED FOR DOXXING SOMEONE

Cannon: REDACTED FOR DOXXING SOMEONE

Hq3r: REDACTED FOR DOXXING SOMEONE

qx(): Okay, I'll cut this out. I'll cut it out before I send it to Rustin. Though I mean send it out. It's all right.

Jake The Snake: Yeah. Yeah. So the short answer is what that? Yes. I think I found a free software that we can utilize that will help track the you know, not only expenses but projections. Give us an idea of the various projects, and where they stand at any given time and I think it will. I think it will work in the short term for the long term. I think it makes more sense to. This is what I've been toying around with. I think it makes more sense to build out. I mean, you can just use Google spreadsheets or Google sheets to do this honestly. but build out a a basically a tailored set of books for for for our purposes here, right something that we'll be able to track different different series, you know. So it it. I guess. Let me back up and think about it like this. So there's a type of Llc. That you can form called a series Llc. So a series Llc. Is people will incorporate in that way when they have a bunch of different projects or work streams that they're focusing on, that they want to centrally manage right? And so that's essentially taking that idea and turning it into an Excel spreadsheet or Google sheets for ergo, right? So you have one centralized dashboard that is, pulling data from various from the various projects that are going on, and the transactions within those tabs or within those sheets. If that makes sense. So again, in the short term it's not difficult to manage, you know, and track the spending and what's going on. But I think long term, and by long term I mean like 3 to 4 months to build this out probably is what it would take. Just cause. I'm not super familiar, you know. I'm not a programmer by trade, so it would be a little trial and error. But I really do think a a custom template is gonna be the best way to go for ergo.

qx(): Think it's something you think it's something on Google sheets. You mean that we cut? Okay? Well, we can.

Jake The Snake: On Google sheets. Yeah.

qx(): We. We already have all, all data from chain that we can easily provide via via, like, just api queries. So I think I think Google sheets allows that where you can pull in something from a website, essentially. So we have that. So that that's easy to do. And then we can also provide oh, what's it called? yeah, we can. Also, those are insights into wallets as well. So we can integrate all of that, I think. In the meantime, if you want to, if you want to do what's it called, let's start with the basics. You know what I mean, let's start. Let's start with just a basic template of our treasury and our spends and record what we're doing today, and then record out to the put those monthlies out. Just so. At least we have that kind of start and that kind.

Jake The Snake: So I have that put together. And yeah, so this week is pretty light for me because of the holiday coming up. do you have? Well, I'll I'll ping you when I'm free pretty much every day, and we'll just to see, you know, Ju, just to get some time with you to go over everything and and add in the different columns, because we're gonna have to mess with the template I have. I mean, it's it's you know. It's bare bones right now, right? But yeah. So I'll just ping you and get with you this week at some point. And then we'll we'll hash that out, and then we can do like you said kind of a monthly report.

qx(): That'd be perfect. Exactly. Yeah.

Jake The Snake: That can go out to everybody.

qx(): It'll go on the website as well. So it'll be public, perfect. Okay, great. I'm gonna include you on the multi Sig this time, so it'll be good practice for you. We can do it together. When we meet. I'll start it, and then you do the second. You can do the second sign, and then we'll put it out there for anybody else to do. The 3rd and 4th sign.

Jake The Snake: Yeah, the other thing that you know. And maybe you and I can talk more about this when we meet up this week. But the other thing I think worth considering is from a tracking perspective. Is there a is there a clear process for that that? Folks can follow like for reimbursement. Do they know who to contact for that? Is there a clean is.

qx(): Well, so far the only reimbursements are like just the salaries and stuff that's been approved already. So we've approved. We've approved with Padilla paying for servers for a few servers that are running things. And we've approved via Padilla that so anything we cannot reimburse unless it's approved on Padilla. So that's the easy thing to watch. So you'll see the vote go up. It'll be 7 day vote unless it's an emergency, and then, if that's voted on, we add it. You add it to your books, and we make sure when I say, Hey, Jake? Well, eventually you're going to be like, Hey, guys, I initiated the multi Sig for this month's payments. You know you don't even.

Jake The Snake: Right.

qx(): Because you'll see your book. You'll see all that stuff, and you'll know exactly what you have to pay out, and who to pay it out to. Once you learn that.

Jake The Snake: Okay, okay, cool. Yeah. So then. nothing gets paid out essentially, unless there's a vote on Perdia. That does, okay? Good. Okay. Cool. Yeah. I was. Gonna say, that's you know, without a clear process for that, that's definitely a point of failure. So that's good to know.

qx(): Nope, that should be fairly clear, I think. What's that? Canada.

Cannon: Or like recurring monthly stuff. We just need to revote it. Idea. There's a recurring.

qx(): No, no, we don't need to revote. We already did. We? Already revoted monthly. That's that's I mean.

Cannon: Point is, it will send out on a recurring basis out of Padilla. You tell it what the recurring schedule is, so if you revote it. Then we can eliminate some extra steps, is all I'm saying.

qx(): Oh, I got you! You're saying there's.

Jake The Snake: Oh, interesting!

qx(): There's

Cannon: Payments in padea.

qx(): Do we want to do that? Is that.

Cannon: I don't. I mean, that's what I'm asking like to me. It's.

qx(): That's a question. Yeah, do we want to do that? Let's let me see what that's since I have any verbiage. Let me share the screen here again. Da da, da. Okay. So a new proposal, yes or no. Send funds. Yeah, no, this is off. Can't do it yet, unless unless we had to fill out the wallet address. Let's see.

Jake The Snake: Oh, I mean, that would make sense that you have to fill out the wallet address. Yeah.

qx(): But we can't do it, Canon. I don't think it's active yet.

Cannon: Oh, that recurring isn't a enough.

qx(): Yeah, that's not active yet. Correct. Yeah, yeah.

Cannon: Okay.

qx(): Yeah, there's some stuff, Jake. There's stuff in Padilla that hasn't been. That's there. But you can't activate it yet. It's not built out yet. So maybe when it's activated, we can do it so, for now. which is.

Jake The Snake: Gotta be a recurring reminder that we can set up.

qx(): That we start the multi correct. You got it so so there's a I'll show you where the Padilla boats are to watch to see what we voted on at that time, and then that matches up what we're paying out. And then we just watch Padilla and anything that goes on. That's voted on and it's approved. Then it goes into your ledger and you initiate the payout on that. And that point. Yeah.

Jake The Snake: Yeah, okay, alright. So that's good. But yeah, we'll we'll talk more and finalize it this week. I'll just ping you on on telegram.

qx(): That sounds good. I'm moving. I'm moving the order of the Sigmonauts to discord simply because super geometry join telegram to join the group, and and he was bombarded by people that he didn't want to talk to. That had his name in his address book in their address book. So he see fucked. He noped out of that, and then I said, It's all right. We'll just move it to there. So Jake and Mark, you'll see me make a channel over there for that. Cool, and if anybody else wants to join, it's open. I mean, I'm saying.

Cannon: I don't understand what you're saying.

qx(): So I made a group. I made a specific group for kind of I guess we could make it readable. I made a Channel, a telegram group cannon. I talked about it last meeting, where it's just paid members of the Sigs. So I'm moving it to discord. I'll make it viewable by everybody, but writable by only a certain amount of people. Yeah, me, Jake, mark anybody else that feels like they want to help manage that kind of thing, just because it's too noisy anywhere else to to talk about these kind of things, you know. So yes, so it'll be. It'll be public to sigma knots, but viewable only sigma dots and sigkens. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yep, cool. Okay.

Jake The Snake: All right.

qx(): All right. Yeah, thanks, Jake. I'll talk to you soon. Alright, man. Alright. Bye, guys. Okay. Awesome. Hq, I'll clean that part up at about minute 30 whatever that was 38, and distributed that to rustin otherwise.

Cannon: REDACTED FOR DOXXING SOMEONE

qx(): On? What?

Cannon: REDACTED FOR DOXXING SOMEONE

qx(): Oh!

Cannon: Yeah, nevertheless.

qx(): Yeah, all right, everybody mark. Enjoy the enjoy the farmers market doom. Good luck! Doom crossed the bridge with a troll. He's got liquidity set up in Minswap. If anybody has any troll they want to add there, feel free to do it. I think, I added him like a hundred bucks worth of troll, I think. And Ada, so yeah.

Cannon: Also. Ergo, Santa is coming up. Hq. Is not tooting his own horn.

qx(): Oh, that's a surprise!

Hq3r: Yeah, I think people are more excited about cyber wars? Echo Santa. Yeah.

Cannon: Yeah.

qx(): And.

Hq3r: Yeah, I think, yeah, they're also doing some team team stuff.

qx(): Right right right cool.

Marc Mailloux: Nice. I know you guys enjoy your Sundays.

qx(): Hey, thanks, mark you, too, Jemiah, I confirmed. I got your payment for mu. Thank you so much. You're a saint for continuing with that, and sitting on that for us.

Hq3r: To convince him to give me those new for 1.1 K.

qx(): 1.1.

Hq3r: Yeah. It didn't work out.

qx(): Jeremiah's a man of his word, strong like oak. Oh, boy.

Hq3r: You should have you should. You should have seen what he did yesterday. That's easy. He was just getting bored, he went, and we and create a a liquidity pool for for secret plus mu. So now we have 2 liquidity pools from you.

qx(): Oh, nice!

Hq3r: And the arbitration and the and the our board is already enjoying that.

qx(): It's already there. Wow! How much is in the you? Said Cigarsv. How much is in there?

Cannon: I would think.

qx(): It's not. I meant the cigars, the the emoji, one cigar muse cigar. Oh, wow! That's funny! Did Paul get clowned in on it yet.

Hq3r: No hope. I hope I don't.

qx(): That's funny. All right, everybody. I'm gonna go. I gotta build up my basement putting up walls in the basement for some divisions. So I'm to see you.

Hq3r: You have plus. You need to decorate your house, because when right when you close this, your wife is going to be like. So those are the things where I cannot reach, and you have to put those.

qx(): No, no.

Hq3r: One second.

qx(): Did it all. We've got a tree there. We've got a tree in that in the in the other room, right there in the far back, you can see we've got Christmas stuff all around. There's a tree in the far, far room like where is it? Behind that wall even? There's another room back there where there's a tree. There's a tree up in my bedroom. Each of the kids have a tree in there, a small tree in their room. Yeah, very festive. My wife is very festive.

Hq3r: Still, I don't understand. Why the hell do you need that much trees? But okay.

qx(): Every room's there almost. Do you have a tree? Did your wife have you put up a.

Hq3r: Tree. Do you have a tree in a toilet also?

qx(): You know. That's a damn good idea.

Hq3r: You have. Please.

qx(): My master bathroom is big enough for a tree. We can put a tree in there. That's a good idea.

Hq3r: Decorate. You can just decorate with the with the toilet paper.

qx(): Fucking brilliant. That'd be great. We can make a tree out of toilet rolls and then decorate with toilet paper. All right, everybody enjoy yourselves, Ciao.

Cannon: Alright!

Marc Mailloux: That kind of stuff.
